{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Capital city of (simply called Capital) is one of the few places where the world seems to have fully recovered from the Event. The structure, being located on multiple shards, is quite different from cities before the Event, but in other senses it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quite similar to a pre-Event city. It\u8217\'92s quite low in population (~10 000), but this is to ensure the level of wealth / comfort in the Capital can be kept. Besides some enclaves, it\u8217\'92s the only rich part under the control of #System 1#.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where most of the world seems to be about survival, here it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about life in it\u8217\'92s fullest. The idea of the Council-Controlled shards is that this ensures that culture survives even through the years following the Events, meaning humanity can bounce back quicker. Conveniently, the Council lives in the Capital.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bustling streets make it seem like it has always been this way. Indeed, through careful reconstruction, a beautiful place has been created. It has an organic feel in structure, because the buildings, streets and other parts of the city don\u8217\'92t really line up often.\line The basis of this city predates the Event. The buildings that were still standing after the Event were upgraded and kept in place. Some of them do not seem to be brought back to their full glory, but on the whole it has a finished look.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Life in the capital is like you would expect from a big city. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an eventful place, full of music, and other arts. You can see couples walk across the bridges of the city, walking nowhere, yet being where they want to be. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}