{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fifty-seven tonnes of grain he mumbled to himself. Not bad for this time of year. At the current price, that rated as ### New Pounds. Although the treasury will be unhappy, the people will be fed. Though bookkeeping is not a job for everyone, it probably }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 is }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the right job for Daniel }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 ..}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . He had been doing this for six years now, ever since he left school.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He moved on to the next trade receipt. It listed cotton, although a very low amount. He sighed, and calculated the value nevertheless, not forgetting to subtract from it for it being a low quantity. It was a measly sum, but still, it should be paid for. The bookkeeping had to be kept perfect, or at least, it had to seem that way. He continued this process for the remaining receipts, carefully calculating the required payments. A knock on his door interrupted him, just as he was working on one of the last receipts of the day. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m coming\u8221\'94, he shouted, realising that he should have been at a meeting ten minutes before. Oops.. Of course, the weekly meeting for bulk goods bookkeepers, he thought. How could I have forgotten, there\u8217\'92s a meeting every Tuesday.\line He quickly grabbed his notebook, and left his office. In the hallway, #name2 was waiting for him. \u8220\'93Sorry, I lost track of time\u8221\'94, he said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s all-right. The others probably won\u8217\'92t even be there yet. \u8221\'94, was the answer he got. They walked through the hallway to the main staircase. One floor down, they found the meeting room. It was a larger office, with a round table in it. Four people were already seated there, with the two entering this means a meeting of six people. Four of them, Daniel, ##, ## and ## were bookkeepers. Charles was overseeing the meeting, and Ellen was responsible for transcribing the meeting. \line Daniel loved the view from this room. A window overlooked the Monument, as well as two of the bridges connecting the Monument island. Especially in the late afternoon, when the light cast shadows over Monument island, it was a sight to behold. There was a mass of people flowing between the trees and statues on the island. Some people were standing still, admiring the music and art made by the people on the streets. From the meeting room, it looked almost more like an anthill than a central part in a city. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s start\u8221\'94, Charles said, bringing Daniel back to the matters at hand. \u8220\'93Are there pressing matters to discuss before going through the list?\u8221\'94, Charles asked? #name3, usually silent, raised his hand a little. \u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94, Charles said. \u8220\'93Did anyone else get enough cotton? My supplies have been dwindling.\u8221\'94, #name3 stated. \u8220\'93Not me\u8221\'94, #name1 said, looking at the last two bookkeepers, \u8220\'93Anyone else?\u8221\'94. They shook their heads. \u8220\'93Do we have any indication on why this is the case?\u8221\'94, Charles asked. He continued: \u8220\'93We have to sort this out before the winter season starts, otherwise people will be freezing.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93The cold weather of the last few months was blamed by my suppliers\u8221\'94, Daniel said, \u8220\'93It is probably the same everywhere.\u8221\'94. The other bookkeepers confirmed his statement. After thinking for a while, Charles asked: \u8220\'93Would it help to increase the price for cotton?\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93It will not, because they don\u8217\'92t have more cotton than this.\u8221\'94, said \u8230\'85. Charles asks if there are other options to leverage more cotton. \u8220\'93There are none\u8221\'94, Daniel said, \u8220\'93cotton that isn\u8217\'92t there will not magically appear.\u8221\'94. Charles said he would contact the Ministery of Outer Shards to see what could be done. The others nodded in agreement. \line They moved on to the regular agenda of the meeting. Besides the cotton, the other resources were going as expected. Grain and other food was doing very well this year. Construction materials were also up by a decent margin. It was really just the cotton that was lagging behind. \line After the meeting, Daniel finished his last two trade receipts. Then, he wrote a short daily report. After that, he had done what he needed to do and left work. It was halfway through autumn, and the leaves on the trees had turned from green to yellow and red. He crossed the Monument island on his way home. The weather was nice, and it was quite crowded there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line He turned right, crossing over to the market district. The market district was even more of a maze than most of the rest of the Capital. There were stalls everywhere, randomly scattered around. There was only just enough space in between the stalls to walk around. Some market stalls were temporary, barely more than tables with a cloth roof; some other stalls were of more temporary nature. There was also one main street, with permanent shops. Daniel loved roaming here, looking for nice finds. As he was walking around, he remembered he wanted to buy some flowers. There was no special occasion, he just wanted to surprise his girlfriend. He walked randomly through the market until he found a flower stall that he liked. It had flowers in every color imaginable, and then some. He thought for a moment, and decided to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Having bought flowers, he went home. It was a fifteen-minute walk, crossing two more bridges in-between. He lived together with his girlfriend in an apartment, on the fifth floor of a seven-floor building. The building looked a bit dilapidated compared to the rest of the capital, but it was still quite a decent place to live. This building was constructed before the Event, but recently renovated. They had tried to make it look nicer, by adding a bit of colour, and some art. However, there is only so much you can do with giant towers of concrete. Daniel entered the front door, and walked up the staircase. There was an elevator, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fancy using it. It was a tiny elevator, and he was a little bit claustrophobic. He entered his home, hiding the flowers behind his back. The apartment was had a bathroom, a living room and two bedrooms. The kitchen was connected to the living room. Since they had currently only a need for one bedroom, the second one was used for storing things. Daniel entered the living room, and was greeted by the cat. His girlfriend was not home yet, she must have still been at work. \line Ah well, he thought, then I\u8217\'92ll need to hide the flowers for when she gets home. He put them in a vase, and hid them behind a couch. He looked at the clock; 17:00. He turned on the radio, waiting for his girlfriend to get home. He didn\u8217\'92t start cooking yet, because he didn\u8217\'92t know when she would be home. Her working hours were a bit irregular. A short hour later, she arrived, and sat down next to him. She looked tired, so he asked her how her day went. She answered: \u8220\'93It was tiring. We had presented some ideas for new music, but they were not accepted by our higher-ups. Apparently, our songs were too anti-government or something. No, I don\u8217\'92t get it either. But this means that we have to do all that work again.\u8221\'94. He answered: \u8220\'93That sounds terrible. Is there anything you can salvage from your work though?\u8221\'94. She sighed, \u8220\'93Not much, apparently the tone of the music is already the problem. Enough about my day though, how was yours?\u8221\'94. Daniel answered, \u8220\'93Well, it was fine. I almost forgot the meeting again though.\u8221\'94. He didn\u8217\'92t tell her that he needed to be reminded of it by a colleague of his. She laughed: \u8220\'93Working hard again?\u8221\'94. He nodded. While talking, he had sneakily grabbed for the flowers, and presented them to her: \u8220\'93Surprise!\u8221\'94. She was indeed surprised, and smiled. \u8220\'93So, now you\u8217\'92re expecting me to cook?\u8221\'94, she asked, still smiling. Daniel asked if she was offering to do so. She said: \u8220\'93What about rock-paper-scissors\u8221\'94. Daniel sighed. She always beat him at rock-paper-scissors. Yet, it\u8217\'92s still, in theory, a fair game, so he felt he had no option but to say yes. Daniel played rock, #girlfriend paper. Slowly, Daniel got up and started cooking. \line \line In the Capital, it was easy to forget that the world had almost ended forty years ago. Life had seemingly fully bounced back to it\u8217\'92s former glory. Sure, not everything was back, but people were living their lives again. Especially in the weekends this was easy to see. On Saturdays, people did shopping. Not just for the things they needed for survival, but also for things they wanted. They might buy some cassettes to listen to music, books, or other things. Also, on the Saturday night, a lot of entertainment was available. For Daniel and his girlfriend, Saturday often meant going to a concert. She often had to play, and he had no option but to be there as a guest. To people unaware of the structure of the Capital, it might seem strange that a musician is able to survive within such a small town, and few options for selling your music outside the Capital. This was true, but didn\u8217\'92t take into account that some artists were subsidised by the Council. The Council also saw it as their task to make sure some cultural progress was made. All they asked in exchange is to have some say in what gets made. This Saturday, #girlfriends band had been planning to showcase some of their new work, but now that that work was forbidden, they would have to rely on playing some of their older work. The crowd probably wouldn\u8217\'92t mind much. They were mostly there to enjoy the ambiance and the beer, and didn\u8217\'92t care as much about which band was playing. To #girlfriend however, it felt like her art was being limited. And, like most other artisan people, this didn\u8217\'92t go well with her. \line Her band decided however that it wasn\u8217\'92t wise to go against the hand that fed them, and, begrudgingly, they only played accepted material that Saturday. The crowd seemed to enjoy the night regardless of this fact. Daniel enjoyed seeing her play live, because, even when she was annoyed at not being able to play what she wanted, she still was having fun. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the next Tuesday, there was another meeting. The situation with the cotton had not been improved up to this point. They were told by Charles that the cotton problem was being worked on by higher up people, and that there should be a solution soon. Daniel asked what the solution was, but was told by Charles that this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t told to him either. Daniel decided not to ask further questions, not expecting answers. He did have a bit of a strange feeling about it, and wasn\u8217\'92t sure what that was coming from. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two weeks later, the cotton production improved, just in time for the winter season. This meant the clothing factories could get working. There were a few clothing factories near the Capital, providing clothes and other cotton-products for the Capital and the nearby shards. This meant that the promise of new clothing was kept by the Capital. It may not have been the most world-shattering promise, but if the Capital said something, they would arrange that that would get done. It was this promise which allowed the Capital to grow to be the centre of this new nation, and breaking this promise could have lead to terrible consequences. Or at least, so had Daniel been told. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thing that intrigued Daniel was that the price of cotton hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t increased. He would have expected this to be true, but it wasn\u8217\'92t. The suppliers that used to provide little now provided more. He wasn\u8217\'92t able to figure out what had caused this change, and therefore it stuck in his head. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he came home on the day he saw the increase in cotton production, he was silent. He was mostly staring at the ceiling, trying to solve the mystery, but came up empty. When # asked what was wrong, he answered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something was bothering me at work, but that you probably won\u8217\'92t think much of it.\u8221\'94. She answered, \u8220\'93Tell me what it is, then I can tell you what I think about it.\u8221\'94. He sighed and explained the situation to her. After thinking about it for a moment she answered: \u8220\'93Well, maybe they found out that there was just a problem with the quality of the product. Or perhaps there was a problem with harvesting. Or maybe there was just a misunderstanding in how much was actually needed. Who knows? It\u8217\'92s mostly nice that it\u8217\'92s fixed.\u8221\'94. Daniel answered, \u8220\'93But why aren\u8217\'92t they just telling us what was wrong?\u8221\'94 She answered, \u8220\'93Because they like their secrets. I don\u8217\'92t know why, but they just do.\u8221\'94 Daniel looked at a point in the distance. Finally, he answered: \u8220\'93Maybe that\u8217\'92s the thing I have a problem with, secrets.\u8221\'94 She answered again: \u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t you overdramaticizing a bit over a bunch of cotton? I mean, there\u8217\'92s plenty of problems in the world, sure. But I don\u8217\'92t see how this thing, however weird it may be, is a real problem.\u8221\'94. Daniel answered: \u8220\'93Perhaps you\u8217\'92re right.\u8221\'94. They were silent for a while. #girlfriend broke the silence, asking: \u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s gonna cook? Rock Paper Scissors?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Sure, I don\u8217\'92t mind cooking again.\u8221\'94. Daniel played Scissors, #girlfriend played Rock. With a sigh, Daniel got up, and started cooking. #girlfriend got up, saying: \u8220\'93You know, it\u8217\'92s probably more fun if we just cook together. I just like winning.\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a separate section of the market, just for food. It was closer to the cargo terminals, because there are types of food that perish more quickly. The food part of the market was the most organised part. This meant that you could actually find what you were looking for there. In the rest of the marketplace, you would just walk until you found something that resembled the thing you were looking for. Finding the same shop twice pretty much required a deal with the devil to achieve. Besides this, almost everyone who visited the market ended their visit feeling like they found the thing they set out to find. It just required of it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s guests to be a bit free-thinking in what they were looking for. For instance, if you were looking for a present for a friend, the market could easily provide you with unique presents. If you were looking for one specific type of present, it could sometimes take you a long time to find it , if at all. Dennis was looking for his regular set of groceries. His girlfriend had given him a list, but after inspecting it, he came to the conclusion that it was just the regular list. Even in the relatively organised food market, there was still plenty of theatre going on. Salespeople were actively advocating their produce, The freshest fish, the greenest vegetables, everything was the very best possible product. That is, if you were to believe the salespeople. Of course, if you did believe them, you would end up paying double the actual price of the product, if not more. There were also stores with fixed prices, but these only offered non-perishable food. The fresh food was only sold by the shopkeepers at the stalls. Daniel had developed a feeling for where the shopkeepers would be that he would need. He did not fully know how the market was set up, but, over time, he had developed a feeling for where the shopkeepers should be that he likes to visit. For instance, there was a shopkeeper that sold fresh loafs of bread. His bread was of exactly the type that Daniel and # enjoyed eating. He even got a discount there for being a regular customer, so that was also something nice. With his discount, the price was about equal to what bread was going for in other stores, but it was \u8216\'91proper\u8217\'92 bread. He also picked up rice and pasta at the same store, and continued on. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line Nothing of much consequence happened in the weeks after the cotton-incident. Daniel hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really given it much thought afterwards the day on which it happened. Instead, he happily focused on what he was good at: administration without mistakes. For a lot of people, a job like his would not work. His job was a small task within a bigger flow of tasks. He hadn\u8217\'92t even been fully explained what all the other people were doing; instead he was just given a broad outline of the process, and what his task was within the process. A short summary is that the Capital needs certain materials. To accommodate these needs, certain buy orders are placed. These buy orders are a form of taxation, although shards get money in return. They can\u8217\'92t refuse the orders though. Daniels task is to ensure that the shards get the proper compensation for the produce they made for the Capital. Others were responsible for deciding what needed to be produced, as well as what could be produced by each shard. This was the responsibility of another ministry in entirety though, so he knew even less about that. He had heard some things during meetings, but other than that, he was totally unaware of these processes. Although this did annoy him a little bit, he could see how this would increase efficiency across the organisation. And the Capital was all about doing things with maximum efficiency, be it bookkeeping, or be it art. \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the winter season start, crop yields lower. This is natural. In the world before the Event, farming was season-bound, but since the Event, the differences between Summer and Winter have been smaller. Also, since there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a lot more light at night now, plants grow quite a bit faster. Some plants that is, some others have serious issues with the lack of proper nighttime. Some farmers even resort to putting shelters over these plants at night, just so they still get a period of night. However, as autumn turned to winter, Daniel noticed the numbers were dropping more quickly than in the years before. When he had collected enough data, he decided to mention it on the next meeting. So, when asked if there were exceptional things, he took the word: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t get nearly as much food as I should at this time of year.\u8221\'94. Charles interrupted, saying \u8220\'93it\u8217\'92s normal for the numbers to lower as winter approaches.\u8221\'94. Dennis answered, \u8220\'93Yes, I know. As I was about to say: they are lower than any of the last five years. I checked my notes. And it\u8217\'92s even quite significant. I think we should look into this.\u8221\'94. Charles asked the others if they had seen similar patterns, but they hadn\u8217\'92t thought to look into their historic data. Charles said: \u8220\'93Then I suggest Daniel and I look into that, after the meeting. There\u8217\'92s no point in discussing this further until we have fact.\u8221\'94. The rest agreed.The rest of the meeting wasn\u8217\'92t of much interest to Daniel, and he wasn\u8217\'92t really paying much attention. \line After the meeting, they moved to Charles\u8217\'92 office. It was similar to Daniel\u8217\'92s office, but a bit bigger, and with a superior view. Charles asked: \u8220\'93So, what do you want to do?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93First I would like to collect all the historic data from the archive, and then compare it to the data from this year.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93That will take a while\u8221\'94, Charles answered, obviously annoyed at the thought of spending much time on going through all those files. Daniel observed the annoyance, and stated: \u8220\'93I could work through it, and give you a summary if you want to. There\u8217\'92s no reason for both of us to have to go through it. I just need you to sign off that I\u8217\'92m permitted to take the documents from the archive, I\u8217\'92m not permitted to do so without your permission.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Of course. I\u8217\'92m not sure if that\u8217\'92s the wisest solution, I feel like I should be involved with this\u8221\'94, Charles said. \u8220\'93I just wanted to give you the option. When shall we begin working on it?\u8221\'94, Daniel said. Charles answered that he could go to the archive to pick up the required documents now, and that they could start working on it right away. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not the kind of thing we should wait for long with, this could create huge problems\u8221\'94, Charles stated. \u8220\'93Then I\u8217\'92ll just finish what I was working on, and wait for you to return\u8221\'94, Daniel answered. He had preferred to work alone on it, because he preffered doing things like this on his own. It\u8217\'92s not that he hated to be around people, it\u8217\'92s just that he felt like the puzzle wasn\u8217\'92t as much fun if someone else gets to solve half of it. He finished the things he still needed to do that day, and waited for Charles to return. Since the archive was largely on paper, requesting old data back could take a while. In this case, they would want data back from up to six years ago. The only reason Daniel had been able to do it more quickly himself was that he still had his own personal summaries of the work he had done. His colleagues were less vigilant at their jobs, so they didn\u8217\'92t have such an archive, causing Charles to have to ask for all the data from the last years, after which Charles and Daniel would have to go through it by hand, and extract the required totals. \line Charles returned with multiple boxes of paperwork on a trolley. Daniel went to his office with him, and they started on putting the boxes in-order. They started with the data from last year. Indeed, last year seemed to have much more productivity than this year. One year does not make a pattern of course, but it was still a good starting point. We carefully wrote down the numbers, and continued to the previous year. At this speed, it would take us multiple days to complete, since we also had our regular tasks to complete. We were willing to stay later for the next couple of days to figure it out. \line \line Daniel\u8217\'92s girlfriend was less happy about this, \u8220\'93Why did you decide to work for extra hours, instead of arranging that you could do it during the regular hours\u8221\'94, she asked. Daniel\u8217\'92s thought for a moment, thinking of a strategic reply. Finally, he answered: \u8220\'93I know it sounds insane, but we would have never been permitted to do this research ourselves if we didn\u8217\'92t do it in overtime. And we didn\u8217\'92t want to push it off to someone else, because we wanted to know for ourselves.\u8221\'94. She asked him: \u8220\'93Why do you want to know so badly? There\u8217\'92s other people working on finding these things out, it isn\u8217\'92t your job to worry about those things.\u8221\'94. Daniel answered, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I can\u8217\'92t help it, I just really want to work on this.\u8221\'94. She stayed silent. Daniel knew she didn\u8217\'92t like his choice, but he didn\u8217\'92t want to change it. He tried to think of a way to convince her, but couldn\u8217\'92t really find one. Instead, he said: \u8220\'93I know this is annoying for you, I\u8217\'92m sorry about that. It\u8217\'92s just really important for me to do this.\u8221\'94. She continued to say nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line The next day, Charles and Daniel met at 16:00, after both had finished their regular tasks. They worked through two more years, both years confirming Daniel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s earlier observation. Charles said: \u8220\'93I think we should report on this already. This is too important to wait for three more days with reporting it to the people that are above me. This could possibly be catastrophic even.\u8221\'94. Dennis agreed: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think there\u8217\'92s much doubt that there\u8217\'92s indeed something very wrong here, and that the food supply will be in trouble if no action is taken. When you report it though, can you try to arrange it so that I can stay a bit involved, or at least get back the results of the research?\u8221\'94. Charles confirmed that that would indeed be fair, and that he would see what he could do. In the meantime, while he relayed the information to his superiors, Daniel could continue working on it if he wanted, Charles said. So, Daniel continued working on it indeed. Though he didn\u8217\'92t find much additional information, he managed to complete one more year before Charles got back, with two other people. Daniel had seen those once or twice before, they were two layers of management above Charles, so three above Daniel. When they saw him still working on it, they asked for his attention. Daniel looked at Charles, who seemed to be annoyed. Bad news, Daniel thought. \u8220\'93Hello, I\u8217\'92m Bob, and she\u8217\'92s called \u8230\'85\u8221\'94, one of the two mysterious persons said. They were wearing \u8230\'85, and looked like they meant serious business. \u8220\'93We heard you\u8217\'92re working on some research into a possible problem with the food supply. Can you show us what you found?\u8221\'94. Daniel said \u8220\'93OK\u8221\'94, and showed them the evidence. They looked at each other, possibly surprised by the matter at hand. \u8230\'85 took the word, stating: \u8220\'93Thank you for showing us. We heard from Charles that you want to continue working on this. Unfortunately, due to reasons beyond our control, we can\u8217\'92t accept that request. We also can\u8217\'92t tell you about the results of this project, state policy demands thus. We also request of you that you stop doing further research into this, we\u8217\'92ve got this. There\u8217\'92s no point in spending needless work on this. Regardless, thank you very much for your hard work, we are happy to have you working for us.\u8221\'94. Daniel was not at all happy about this, obviously. He asked her: \u8220\'93Is there nothing you can tell me about the next steps? I feel like something I worked on very hard is just taken out of my hands, without explanation.\u8221\'94. She apologised, but said there wasn\u8217\'92t anything they could do. Daniel said: Alright, in that case, you probably want the boxes now, right?\u8221\'94. She nodded. Daniel: \u8220\'93Just give me a moment, I\u8217\'92ll sort them for you. All the papers are currently laying here systematically, so it\u8217\'92s best if I just put them back in the correct order. It should only take a couple of minutes.\u8221\'94. Bob said: \u8220\'93Sure, we can wait. Take your time.\u8221\'94. Daniel carefully forgot to mention the summaries he still had in his personal notebook. He reasoned that if they don\u8217\'92t ask, he doesn\u8217\'92t have to give it. After taking the boxes, Bob and ## left again. Charles thanked Daniel for his work, and also left. Daniel decided to also go home, because there was no point in staying to do more work. \line \line For three more weeks, the food production continued to drop. Then, as though nothing had ever happened, it increased to normal levels. One by one the producing shards started to produce their regular amountsfor the time of year. In the first meeting after some of them had started to produce again, Daniel stated that the productivity had gone up. Charles confirmed: \u8220\'93The Ministry of Outer Shards indeed worked on it, and found a solution. They found a way to increase productivity back to the required levels. They were not open for further questions, stating it wasn\u8217\'92t necessary for us to know, so we don\u8217\'92t get to know it. And besides, the problem was solved, so it isn\u8217\'92t important.\u8221\'94. The rest of the team nodded, feeling certain that the system as it was in place was able to effectively solve problems. Reassured, they continued doing their jobs as usual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line Most people would have never noticed a tiny detail on one of the receipts. Daniel was not most people though. His colleagues didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really bother to read the entire documents, assuming it\u8217\'92s always gonna read the same anyway. However, upon close examination, Daniel saw that there was something strange about this specific one. At the edge of the document, there seemed to be tiny markings. Upon closer examination, they seemed to be letters. He got his magnifying glass, and started reading. It said, \u8220\'93This is too much, we\u8217\'92re starving.\u8221\'94. That was all it said, but it was more than enough. Daniel stared out of the window, trying to think of what to do with this. If he told his superiors, the person who wrote this would be found, and punished, severely. Hiding messages in official documents was something that was very much illegal. And this wasn\u8217\'92t just a \u8216\'91John says hi\u8217\'92; this was a cry for help. The problem was however that if he didn\u8217\'92t tell his superiors and this got found out about, he would get punished. It might not be the most severe punishment thinkable, because it would be his first digression, but it would not go without serious consequences nevertheless. Daniel was thinking about talking to someone about it, but decided against it. Charles would just send a message to his superiors, and he didn\u8217\'92t want his girlfriend to also take the hit if it got found out about. Besides, telling her was already breaking the rules to begin with. So, he concluded, it was up to him to decide on what happened about this. The easiest option would be to report it to his superiors. In that case, the person who wrote it would be found, and punished. This was in accordance with the law, but he felt that that would not be reasonable. Someone knew about this risk, and decided to send this message regardless. Therefore, it must have been important to them to send this. Either that, or the Council was testing their vigilance, and if they were able to spot such details. The second option was to ignore it, and forget that the message was ever received. This would mean that, probably, nothing would happen. Neither Daniel, nor whoever wrote this note would be in trouble. The third option was to do something with the message. This would mean Daniel could get into serious trouble for it. However, if there\u8217\'92s actually something going on that causes the people on the Outer Shards to send more food than they can miss, this might be the only fair option. Daniel decided he would think about it more. He decided to handle the document as regular, but to write down the information of this receipt, so he could contact them by replying to a later order. Since each person in the department handled a fixed set of shards, this would surely happen at some point in the not-too-far future. He decided not to tamper with the note on the document. This meant that there was a small chance that it could be found when it was archived, but it also meant that he wouldn\u8217\'92t be in trouble if someone was testing him. If he altered the document, it would show that he was aware of the note, and wanted to destroy it. He did feel sorry for the people on \u8230\'85, but didn\u8217\'92t see another option. He couldn\u8217\'92t really start a fight with one of his superiors about this, or demand an explanation from another Ministry. At least, not without knowing what was going on. He thought about taking this to the press, but decided against it. This had two reasons. Firstly, the press was owned by the government, so there was a huge risk of him being caught. Secondly, he had no proof, besides a note on a single document. A note he could have easily put there himself. \line So, he decided to just wait. A week later some farmers were arrested. They had started shipping anti-government texts with their food. The Council decided to make an example out of them, so their trial was done quite publicly, with the trial being broadcasted live on the television system. They were put on trial for treason, as most people seemed to be. During the trial, evidence was shown of them not doing work, instead demonstrating against something. The reasons they were demonstrating were blurred out, on purpose, to prevent their demonstration from having effect. \u8216\'91Don\u8217\'92t give them an audience\u8217\'92 is one of the mantras of the way the Council dealt with people who demonstrated against them. The verdict in the end was that they were guilty. They were sentenced to five years of forced labour on the mining shards. Besides high-profile political cases, the only punishments given were forced labour and the death penalty. The luxury of keeping people that didn\u8217\'92t do any work simply wasn\u8217\'92t possible in the #system. People without a possible purpose generally were looked down upon. People had moved on from actively killing people who weren\u8217\'92t able to be useful, but they still weren\u8217\'92t treated as full. The situation had improved a bit since there was a law put in place that Shards had to take care for the people that needed the care, and progress was apparently made. Though harsh, the reality of the world is that there are only very few resources to begin with, so to also have to share them with people who can\u8217\'92t be of any use is a luxery which is not really possible, unless they were seen as important. All Daniel knew was that disabled people, and other people who needed help were treated with respect on paper, but in practice, they were really seen as a lower caste of citizens. \line Daniel had a sour taste after the trial. There hadn\u8217\'92t been demonstrations that lead to arrests for five years now. Generally, the government tried to just keep the demonstrations local, because the expense of arresting people often wasn\u8217\'92t worth it. Contain and ignore was often seen as a better policy than to actively go after people. This meant, in Daniel\u8217\'92s opinion, that the Council probably was trying to send a message. To whom, and why he didn\u8217\'92t know. He guessed it may have had something to do with the message he received earlier. The council probably felt that they needed to tell people to stay in line, and that they didn\u8217\'92t accept people to refuse their orders. After giving it some deliberation, he decided to send a message back to the shard which had sent out the cry for help. He just felt like he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 needed }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to know what was going on. He got the feeling that he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t told the whole truth, and that something was not right. After giving it some thought, he decided that the next time he would get the chance, he would write a message on the same spot where they had written the initial message. Just the matter of finding a way to write that small. He decided to practice writing letters at micro-scale, and figure out which letters he could write that small. Obviously, something like a \u8216\'91l\u8217\'92 is easier to write than a \u8216\'91r\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91w\u8217\'92. Still, even with some letters being confused for other letters, the other side should be able to figure out the message, if chosen carefully. Daniel wanted to go for a message that was simple, clear, and not too incriminating if caught. He decided to go for \u8216\'91Can I help?\u8217\'92. Simple, and short enough to look like a smudge to the unsuspecting eye. After that, he finished his work, and went home. In the weeks that followed, Daniel forgot partly about the message he had sent back. Life slowly reverted back to normal. Everything at work became boring and predictable, and Daniel\u8217\'92s private life also started to settle down. They had been talking about getting a child for some time, and had decided that it was time to stop talking. \line Three months later, as Daniel had almost forgotten about what had happened, he received another message. \u8216\'91Find Violet Dewitt.\u8217\'92, it said. \u8220\'93Violet Dewitt\u8221\'94, who on earth is that, Daniel thought. He had never heard of her before. }}