{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 LiberationSans;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 LiberationSans-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Daniel enjoyed his coffee while he waited in, having picked a comfortable chair in the back of the room. The regular guests didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to want to have contact with him, and frankly, he was fine with that. They didn\u8217\'92t really look like the sort of people that would enjoy talking about the subjects Daniel would enjoy talking about. The words he picked up seemed to be about sports. Daniel wasn\u8217\'92t a sports fan, not at all. Sure, he enjoyed playing a fun game of tennis, but he didn\u8217\'92t see why people would ever watch a sports. In his opinion, all the fun is gone when you\u8217\'92re not doing it yourself. So, instead of joining in the conversation about which sports team was gonna win, he just sat in a corner, enjoying his coffee.\line He had just finished his coffee, when the barkeep signalled to him that he should come over. He did, and was told to exit the bar, and walk left. When he saw the house with the bright yellow door, he should knock on the door, four times. Then he should wait for someone to shout back, and knock two more times. Then he should say the Inn has the best beer. Daniel went on his way, and after a few minutes he found the house with the bright yellow door. It was the ugliest door he had ever seen. He knocked four times. Someone shouted: \u8220\'93Whatever you\u8217\'92re selling, we aren\u8217\'92t buying.\u8221\'94. Daniel knocked twice, and said: \u8220\'93The Inn on this shard has the best beer.\u8221\'94. He could hear a woman start giggling. It took her almost a minute to get herself sorted out, and then she opened the door. He was met by a woman who looked like she was just over thirty years old. \u8220\'93You do know that Bob was fooling with you when he told you to say that?\u8221\'94, she said. \u8220\'93What?, \u8230\'85 oh\u8230\'85\u8221\'94, Daniel said, suddenly feeling quite stupid. \u8220\'93Anyway, my name is ##, \u8220\'93, she said, \u8220\'93and you are?\u8221\'94. Daniel introduced himself. \u8220\'93Ok, and why are you here?\u8221\'94, she asked. \u8220\'93I found a note somewhere, telling me to go there if I was the one who should go here.\u8221\'94, he said, trying to stay vague. She looked with mild distrust. \u8220\'93I had contact with someone who produces food for the Capital. He had sent a cry for help, saying they were starving.\u8221\'94, Daniel said. He continued to explain the process that had lead to him finding the house with the yellow door. \u8220\'93Ok, she said, I believe you. What do you want now?\u8221\'94, she asked. He answered that he hadn\u8217\'92t thought about that yet. He thought for a moment, and said: \u8220\'93I mostly want to know what\u8217\'92s going on. I have this strange itching feeling that something bad is going on, and that I\u8217\'92m kept out of the loop. I don\u8217\'92t know who is doing it, and why.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93The Council; to stay in power\u8221\'94, she said. \u8220\'93Just answering the last two questions of yours, then we can focus on the first one. It\u8217\'92s hard to say what\u8217\'92s exactly going on, the Council has been keeping contact between the Capital and the Outer Shards at a historic minimum.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Something strange seems to be going on with the food supply. I work in the Ministry of Resource Planning, as a bookkeeper. We had problems with getting enough food. A few weeks after sending this message to the Ministry of Outer Shards, we suddenly got enough food again. Two weeks after that, I got the message about people who were starving. So, I guess there must be a pattern.\u8221\'94, Daniel said. She nodded, and said: \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a group of people here dedicated to figuring out what\u8217\'92s going on. We\u8217\'92re working on this every Thursday night. If you have time then, you can join.\u8221\'94. Daniel said that he didn\u8217\'92t know how his girlfriend would like that idea. She replied \u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t tell your girlfriend. That\u8217\'92s too dangerous. So, if you decide to join us, you\u8217\'92ll have to find a reason for you to be absent on Thursday evenings and nights. Almost all of us have people around us that we have to lie to. It\u8217\'92s just an unfortunate consequence of how the Council is treating people who are just looking in the wrong spaces. Even that can be enough to land yourself over ten years in a forced work camp.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93One thing I don\u8217\'92t get though,\u8221\'94, Daniel said, \u8220\'93Why William?\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Because we feel that he was framed for a crime he didn\u8217\'92t commit.\u8220\'93, she answered. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re telling me he didn\u8217\'92t tell his organisation to attack that school?\u8221\'94, Daniel said. She answered: \u8220\'93Think about it, he would have known that that would do no good. It would only aid the Council.\u8221\'94. Daniel wasn\u8217\'92t too sure about it yet. But, to his own surprise, he didn\u8217\'92t instantly disregard that thought as being a silly theory by a crazy woman. Instead, he put it in his head to think about slowly, and come to a conclusion in his own time. \line Daniel suddenly realised it must have become quite late already, and said: \u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s about time for me to go. Where do I need to go if I want to come into contact again. She told him, just go to the Inn on a Thursday evening, and the rest will sort itself out. He said, \u8220\'93Thank you, see you around.\u8221\'94. She said goodbye, and left the door after he left the house. He hurried back home, and was happy to find out that he was home before his girlfriend. That meant that he was still on time. He turned on the radio, poured himself a glass of wine, and tried to relax. He had trouble doing so, because his mind was just full of thoughts. Twenty minutes later #name came home. She asked him how his day went. \u8220\'93Oh, same as always\u8221\'94, Daniel lied, \u8220\'93How was yours?\u8221\'94. She answered: \u8220\'93All right, we were told our new material would be good enough after some small improvements, so we can push forwards towards a release of a new album. I still prefer our previous, cancelled material, but at least we\u8217\'92re producing again.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s nice\u8221\'94, he answered. \u8220\'93By the way, shall we do rock-paper-scissors to see who should cook? I feel like cooking\u8221\'94, he continued. #name laughed. He played paper, she played scissors. Daniel laughed, and went to the kitchen area to start cooking. \line \line Daniel didn\u8217\'92t really have focus on his work the next day. Instead, he was thinking about how to combine being involved with the people of the Inn, while not destroying his relationship. He had found a lie that he thought was perfect. He would tell her he had found a group to work on his drinking habit. Among people who drank too much, he was far from the worst, but there were times when he was lucky to have her instead of someone else. And, with the idea of becoming a father slowly starting to materialise, the idea of fixing this problem would not be too much of a lie. Daniel felt terrible for telling this lie, but he went through with it regardless. It would allow him all the space he needed to work on himself.\line So, next Thursday, Daniel went towards the Inn. He was greeted by the barkeep, who told him to go to the back room. He was met by three other people. #womanName was there again, as was a man, and an older woman. \u8220\'93You must be Daniel, I\u8217\'92m Violet. The grumpy-looking man over there is #name#. I believe you already met #womanName\u8221\'94, the older woman said. Daniel looked at the both of them. Violet looked around a lot younger than Daniel thought she would look. She had a strong but kind posture. The grumpy-looking man was much younger. Although his hair was showing signs of him getting older, it hadn\u8217\'92t turned grey yet. From his posture Daniel couldn\u8217\'92t guess much about his character, he seemed to be a bit of an enigma. \u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re Violet, the one that was on the note. Still working as a journalist?\u8221\'94, Daniel asked. She said, \u8220\'93Part-time, yes. There\u8217\'92s no pensioning age in the Capital, you just get to work a bit less.\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Anyway, it\u8217\'92s probably best to first tell you what we\u8217\'92re doing here. But before that, I want you to know this is your last chance to step back from this. After this, you\u8217\'92re involved with us. It }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 will }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 make you an enemy of the state.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I was aware of that when I went here. Thanks for telling me though, it would have been bad to find out the hard way.\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  She continued: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We should probably start by introducing ourselves. I\u8217\'92m Violet, part-time journalist. I was born in Londen, and was in my teens when the Event happened. I have had contact with members of }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 The Voice of Reason}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  in the past, a revolutionary organisation that was blamed for some terrorist attacks, until they had enough, and decided to attack the Capital and force the change.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94. Obviously they had failed, Daniel thought, accidentally outloud. \u8220\'93True, which is still a shame, because their ideas were pure.\u8221\'94, Violet replied. #woman introduced herself as working as a teacher, and said she wanted to know for sure that she was teaching the children the truth. The enigmatic man said his name was Bob, and that he had his own personal reasons for joining. Daniel didn\u8217\'92t feel trusted by him yet. Ah well, he couldn\u8217\'92t really blame him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Violet said: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re a small group of people, working to make people aware of what\u8217\'92s going on outside their area. We don\u8217\'92t have a real political agenda, but we believe people have a right to know what\u8217\'92s going on. Without that, people cannot freely form their opinions. As you have noticed, the current way things work does not give people context of their work, and punished people who try to find out what\u8217\'92s going on in the world around them. Besides that, we have signs that people outside the Capital get treated as second-class citizens, basically slaves.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93That could very well be true. I guess #womanName told you about the message that I found on one of the cargo receipts?\u8221\'94. Violet nodded. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s more hints than that. The problem is, it\u8217\'92s mostly all hints. We don\u8217\'92t really know what\u8217\'92s going on there.\u8221\'94, Violet said. \u8220\'93We need a mole in the government\u8221\'94, #grumpyGuy added, looking expectantly at Daniel. \u8220\'93You want me to infiltrate the government, and figure out what\u8217\'92s going on? I really don\u8217\'92t have the role within the government to get access to more information. I\u8217\'92d need to make career before I can effectively get more information. And that\u8217\'92s if I want to take that risk. I don\u8217\'92t know if I want to put my family in that position. \u8221\'94, he said. Violet: \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s to be understood. However, if you get into such a position, it would be extremely helpful if you at least passed on the information that you managed to collect. Even without taking big risks, just knowing what policies are in place can already give a lot of insight.\u8221\'94. Daniel thought for a moment; \u8220\'93I think there will be an evaluation #thing# in a month or two, I can express my wish to be promoted there. I think I\u8217\'92ve got a chance there. No promises though.\u8221\'94. #grumpyMan: \u8220\'93That would be very good news. We have some sources, but none within the department where you are working. So, your information could add new insights. Also, with the message you found, it\u8217\'92s obvious that something is going on, although none of our sources give any indication to that. This is not too unexpected though, the communication between the Capital and the Outer Shards is kept quite limited.\u8221\'94. When he returned home, his girlfriend was still waiting for him. He greeted her, and sat down next to her. He just barely resisted his urge to grab the bottle and pour himself a glass of wine. He thought: I\u8217\'92ll have to stop drinking now, anyway. He just hoped he would be able to stop on his own; it would be terrible if he would be unable to. She said: \u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t want to talk about it, it\u8217\'92s fine.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93It went fine. I think I can do this.\u8221\'94. She smiled.\line \line A month or so later, Daniel had an evaluation session. Charles and two others were present. After formalities, Charles started: \u8220\'93I first want to thank you for your diligent work, as well as your sharp thinking that lead to the discovery of the food shortage. You enabled us to evade a catastrophe. Therefore, we think it might be better to promote you to a position which allows you to do more of that sort of thinking. Just filling in forms seems to be a waste of your qualities. What do you think of this?\u8221\'94. Daniel answered without giving it even a second of thought: \u8220\'93Of course. I was quite sad to have to give up my research so others could work on it, so I would be happy to be moved to a spot where those skills are of more use.\u8221\'94. Charles: \u8220\'93In preparation of this conversation, I already asked around. It seems there are two spots available at the moment. One is in our own Ministry, as a Resource Planner. Your job there would be to analyse the data of incoming resources, and strategise what would be needed. You would work on resource curves, calculating the required stock levels for goods, and things like that. Alternatively, you could switch Ministries, and work at the Ministry of Outer Shards. Your task would then be more on getting the production levels themselves up to the level required. I think you would probably fit fine in either position, and you can probably get either position if you wanted it. The decision will be made higher up in the end, but if you have a preference, it will be taken into consideration.\u8221\'94. Daniel answered: \u8220\'93Can I think about it for a little bit, I\u8217\'92m not certain yet. Both seem to be fine positions, I\u8217\'92d like to think a bit on what I would prefer to be doing.\u8221\'94. Charles nodded, \u8220\'93Of course. If you think too long though, it will be chosen for you.\u8221\'94. After he saw that Daniel wasn\u8217\'92t reacting, he winked. Daniel smiled, and said: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure if I would be really happy if I wasn\u8217\'92t working together with you, Charles. Both offers sound really good though. From what I heard, it seems I have to choose between doing something that\u8217\'92s an extension of my current job, and doing something new. On one hand, I think new things are probably more exciting, but on the other hand, I\u8217\'92m probably better at doing something more similar to my current job.\u8221\'94. Daniel was thinking about which job would give him more options. He decided the Ministry of Outer Shards would probably be a place to get more information about the shards themselves. \u8220\'93I think I would prefer the job at the other Ministry, if you don\u8217\'92t mind. I would miss you terribly though.\u8221\'94, he said. Charles said: \u8220\'93Anyway, I think we\u8217\'92ve just about finished this conversation, unless you have any questions.\u8221\'94. Daniel didn\u8217\'92t have any more questions, so they shook hands, and Daniel went back to his regular work spot.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two weeks later, Daniel was told he would indeed get the opportunity to move jobs to the Ministry of Outer Shards. He moved offices a week later. The Ministry of Outer Shards was slightly less central than the Ministry of Resources. It was one of the later Ministries to be built, and basically only really took shape after the cable car system was connected. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s current headquarters was on the same Shard as the initial cable car station. Symbolically, it was very close to the Outer Shards. In practice though, travelling by cable car required a permit, so the distance was enormous. Daniel entered the building. At his former job, the building was a retrofitted building from before the Event, this building was newly built after the cable car line was completed. It\u8217\'92s entrance hall was a beautiful thing, with large windows overseeing the cable car line. Daniel admired the view for some times, and then went to the administration desk. He said his name, and that he was there to start on his first day of work, as a production planner. The woman behind the desk went through her files, until she found one with his name on it. She got out an envelope with a letter in it. She said: \u8220\'93Read this, it should tell you quite a few things that you need to know right now.\u8221\'94. Daniel started reading. The note wished him welcome, and told him to get to the third floor, room 3-42. So, he did. The building had an elevator, but Daniel felt more like using the stairs. It was only three floors up anyway. He was greeted by .. And .., the same two persons that took over his research, who first went over the practical details of his job. His task would be to analyse the productivities of different Outer Shards, to see where problems may be, and how to solve them. Based on that data, he would be asked to advise on possible changes in requested goods per shard. For instance, if a shard is asked for mining, but their material is of low quality, they might be asked to instead do farming, or something else entirely. He asked: \u8220\'93So, how do I start? What\u8217\'92s a good point to work from?\u8221\'94. ## replied: \u8220\'93First we\u8217\'92ll introduce you to the rest of the team, they will then work you through what needs to be done, and what can be your part in the thing. We believe teams work better if they divide up the tasks among themselves, instead of telling people top-down what to do. They should be in the canteen in a bit, so you should probably just go there and grab a cup of coffee.\u8221\'94. Daniel nodded, and asked where it was. It was on the top floor, above the main entrance hall. It had an overview of both the main hall of the building, as well as of the cable car station outside. Daniel got himself a cup of coffee, and found a spot overlooking the cable car station. He didn\u8217\'92t have to wait long; two people walked towards him. They introduced themselves as Julia and Peter. They told me I was put on the advanced planning / prediction team. I would not be tasked as much with the day-to-day operations, but rather with the trends over the weeks, months, or years even. First, they wanted to get me up to speed on how the Outer Shards are managed. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basically, Daniel learnt, a lot of it came down to self-management. Some Shards were declared to be local political centres, and were made responsible of ensuring the Shards around them produced what was needed. This high degree of self-management was both a blessing and a curse. It meant that the Capital didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t need to micro-manage too much, because the local management would control this. On the other hand, it also meant not all information made it to the top of the chain, sometimes making the image incomplete. As they were talking, smoke started to appear from the top of the cable car station. Even through the windows, screams could be heard. Then, suddenly, an explosion occurred. Parts of the roof of the station flew off. The loudness of the explosion shattered the windows around where Daniel, Julia and Peter were standing. By some miracle they didn\u8217\'92t get hurt. Then, seemingly in slow motion, one of the two cables started to loose tension. After a bit of time, it became clear that the end was no longer connected at this station, and that it was therefore now freely floating. The other station must have been as of yet unaware of the incident, therefore still pulling at the cable. Someone official-looking came by, and told them to stop looking and head to somewhere safe. They took one last look, and went away. \line At first, it wasn\u8217\'92t clear if it was an accident, or terrorism. The checks before people and cargo were let on-board the cable cars was quite strict; most people hadn\u8217\'92t even thought something like this would be possible. On both ends, passengers as well as cargo got scanned. Both passengers and cargo needed to have proper documentation before even being let on-board. This meant for people that they had to have a visum, signed by the Shard on the arriving side. In this case that would mean a visum for the Capital. Those were rarely given out to anyone not living in the Capital; the population of the Capital was large enough as it is. Also, transit capacity was really limited, so the cable cars really weren\u8217\'92t used for going on holiday or things like that. A week later, it leaked out that explosive residue was found at the site. This ruled out an accident, and meant that someone must have purposely planted a bomb. Either that, or a transport of explosives had gone wrong. Dangerous cargo was not regularly transported with this cable car though, the alternative, smaller system on the other side of the Capital was preferred for dangerous goods. That system lead to a less densely populated shard, so the dangers were smaller. However, it became clear that this secondary cable car route had been out of service for maintenance for the days leading up to the explosion. So, some reasoned, this might have been a transit of dangerous goods that was diverted through this route. \line In the mean time, Daniel and his new colleagues were instantly tasked with a difficult task: deciding which goods had priority, and how to route them so they could be brought to the Capital through the single remaining cable car link. With over seventy percent of the cargo capacity out of service, the regularly needed resources could not be brought in. It was decided instantly that anything non-vital would just be held up until the primary route was repaired. There were estimates that the repairs would take around two months to get the capacity back. There was an idea on how to do it, namely by having a small vehicle move over the cable. One end of the cable was still quite near the Capital\u8217\'92s cable car station, already tied back to the Shard. The other end though was freely floating in the space between the Shards. To solve this problem, it was decided to design and build a vehicle that could move up the single cable. After reaching the other station, it would hold the loose cable, and move back. It would only let go of as much of the loose cable as would be needed to move forward, always taking care to keep the cable under tension. This way the loose end of the cable could be brought back to the Capital, where it would be welded to the other end of the cable. After that, the cable loop would be back in operation. Repairing the station might take more work, but the system could work without a fully repaired station. \line After looking up which food was stored in the Capital, and how much would be needed, Daniel and his colleagues came to the conclusion that, mostly, fruit, vegetables and meat would be a problem. There was enough grain stored in the Capital to give people the required amount of food to survive, but they wouldn\u8217\'92t get much in terms of nutrients. Also, there was a matter of pride. The Council didn\u8217\'92t want people to eat just rice for two months. It would, symbolically, hurt the capital quite a bit to do so, showing that they were unable to fully care for their citizens. That\u8217\'92s why, besides the required types of food, some capacity was reserved for food that was small, but luxurious, such as chocolate. Also, toilet paper. They calculated the numbers for each resource, and planned the divertion routes per resource. Both cable car routes from the Capital went in quite different directions; the main one went to a more populated area than the secondary one. There were links available between the two that didn\u8217\'92t go through the capital, but the capacity of those was rather limited. Therefore, it was paramount to have a new planning that only used those links when it was really necessary. For instance, toilet paper was only made in two places in the Outer Shards, so that would need to be transported over those cross-links. As would be coffee and chocolate. Vegetables and meat would not all need to be transported like this, because these were more spread-out in production. It would just be a matter of getting enough from the limited number of shards in that area. It would be cutting it close, but it *should* still be possible, according to their calculations. So, they handed in their plans to their superiors, who were happy to see that there was indeed a good option.\line Four weeks later, the repair vehicle took off over the single remaining cable. It was a modified passenger vehicle, built to slowly move on it\u8217\'92s own power. As a modified vehicle, it could still carry sixteen people; the slots were filled with both military personel and two government officials. The officials would be in charge of assessing the situation; the military personal would be in charge of ensuring the safety of the mission. Besides those people, the vehicle contained two technicians, who were in charge of seeing the mission through. In the end, ten soldiers, two officials and two technicians took off for this mission. The rest of the space was used for additional equipment, weapons and extra items that might be needed on the way. The journey would take more than twice the normal length, because the altered vehicle would not be able to run on full speed. Therefore, some of the space was also reserved for a better air system. The normal air scrubbers were made for a journey of up to sixteen hours. Normal journeys would take up to ten hours, so there was normally a decent margin. However, this journey would take thirty hours, easily. This was just fixed by placing three of the standard air-cleaners in the vehicle though, giving the people on-board a decent buffer in case things would go awry. It was assumed that they would be able to get new air scrubbers before heading back. The whole Capital waited in anticipation of good news. The mission was scheduled to take just over a week. Two days to get there, a few days to connect the cable, and four days back. The way back would take longer, but this was solved by having some people leave behind until the connection was restored. Even in the unlikely event where the cables weren\u8217\'92t restored, they could return by using the other cable car. It would take them over a week of travel, having to change vehicles multiple times, but it would be possible. And besides, if the link could not be restored, they might well be better off outside the Capital, where resources were probably less scarce.\line After the vehicle had left vision range, the people in the Capital could do nothing but wait. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \line Two weeks later, the vehicle came back into range, with a cable connected to it. So, it seemed that everything had gone as expected. However, when they got back, only two soldiers and one technician got out; the rest wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t in the vehicle. Instead, two unknown people had come out. They introduced themselves as being speakers for the people, and assured that the people who hadn\u8217\'92t returned were safe, for now. They were held hostage to force an open dialogue between the Capital and the Outer Shards. They had said that the Council was not willing to negotiate with them, because they were terrorists. When the cable car station had exploded, multiple people had died. To the people in the capital, there was no doubt, but that these terrorists should be taught a lesson. They can\u8217\'92t just go and destroy vital infrastructure. They can\u8217\'92t just kidnap people, and so on. In the meantime, the main cable car line was almost repaired, but in the current situation it probably still wouldn\u8217\'92t be of much use. \line \line Daniel went to the Inn again the next day (which was indeed a Thursday). He explained the others there what the situation at the cable car station was. His information was }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 still }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 quite incomplete, but it was more than anyone outside the Ministry knew. The others were quite shocked to hear of this. Violet: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This is not at all good. This will escalate, badly. People may have forgotten about the previous time something like this happened, or they have never been told about it. But the last time, the Capital showed off their power in a big way, causing lots of people to die. And this time, the rebels went much further. I sympathise with them, but they should have waited a bit longer. We could have helped them at some point. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 You \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u171\'ABshe was looking at Daniel\u187\'BB}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  could have helped them.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Me, I don\u8217\'92t know, really? I don\u8217\'92t have that much power in the Ministry.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Yet\u8221\'94, #NAME2 added. \u8220\'93With the current events that are going on, it should be easy for you to grow more important. This time around though, we have to take care to have proof. Last time we knew what was happening, but couldn\u8217\'92t do anything, because we couldn\u8217\'92t persuade the general population. Since the Ministry of Education is responsible for news production, news outside the government agenda doesn\u8217\'92t get published. So, it would be brilliant if you could, at some point, sneak out some documents that support our story, once we know what\u8217\'92s going on. \u8221\'94. Daniel: \u8220\'93The problem is, the people in power are living on this side of the cable car lines, the people that are in trouble are living on the other side. There\u8217\'92s no real way to push evidence past this divide. So, how do we convince people that we are speaking the truth?\u8221\'94. Nobody had an answer yet.  Daniel said: \u8220\'93I suppose I\u8217\'92ll have to find a way to be able to get more control over the contact with the Other Shard. If I have someone at a central shard organisation who I can contact, then I might be able to get more information.\u8221\'94.\line \line A strange normality started to manifest over the next couple of days.  The situation had not really changed, so people just went on with their lives. Then, he overheard a conversation in the background. They were talking about the prisoners, and that they had been specifically protected less perfectly. They had been able to escape. The idea was that they would get to their allies. Daniel overheard them mentioning the shard with the Inn. He walked away, and when he was properly out of sight, he started running. His legs were barely able to support him, he was running }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 fast. He managed to get to the Inn before the prisoners, because there were still people there. He looked at a surprised barkeep, who said: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, what are you doing here, it\u8217\'92s not a Thursday.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93I have to reach them, it\u8217\'92s important\u8221\'94, Daniel said. \u8220\'93I can ask Violet, I might know how to contact her. The others, I don\u8217\'92t know where they live. She might know, although she really shouldn\u8217\'92t. It was decided that it was safer that way. Just like I don\u8217\'92t know where any of you all live.\u8221\'94, answered the innkeep. Daniel nodded. \u8220\'93Can you look after my inn while I\u8217\'92m gone?\u8221\'94, the innkeeper asked Daniel. Daniel said he would. Fifteen minutes later, the innkeeper returned, with Violet. She looked really tired. \u8220\'93I think the others are still safe, they should only know about this place and my home. I\u8217\'92m known among the rebels, and this is a known rebel hotspot. The Government somehow hasn\u8217\'92t caught on yet, but  I frankly don\u8217\'92t even know why at this point. So, we should find a place safe to hide\u8221\'94. She looked expectantly at Daniel. \u8221\'94My girlfriend doesn\u8217\'92t know about you two, so I can\u8217\'92t really hide you two here. Is there anywhere safe we can hide you two for now?\u8221\'94. The innkeep said: \u8220\'93well, there\u8217\'92s a cellar somewhere nearby that was half-collapsed. It looks like you can\u8217\'92t access it at all. So, as long as we don\u8217\'92t have people walking in and out of there all the time, we could hide there. Before going there though, we should collect some supplies.\u8221\'94. The barkeep said: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m gonna go to the backroom to get some food. Daniel, help yourself to whatever is here, Violet, please come with me to pick up things.\u8221\'94. Daniel grabbed a big bag that was still standing there, and filled it mostly with water bottles and some soft drinks. He also got some plastic cups, as well as some other miscellaneous items. He sighed, thinking. He put two bottles of whisky in the bag as well. Better have something to drink while down there, he thought, although he wouldn\u8217\'92t be the one staying down there. Violet and the Innkeeper returned, with two bags full of food supplies. They went on their way toward the cellar, looking around to see if strange figures were following them. They couldn\u8217\'92t see any yet, so they assumed they weren\u8217\'92t followed. With a bit of a detour, they walked towards the cellar. They took care to not disturb the surrounding flora, ensuring it looked like nobody went there. There wouldn\u8217\'92t really be a reason for people to go there anyway, so it wouldn\u8217\'92t need }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 much convincing. The place already had some blankets, still stored on a shelf. They were full of holes, and quite dusty, but after cleaning them up a bit, they could be used for now. The plan was not for them to stay here forever, but just to see out the storm. They weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t sure about what to do after this yet. Daniel helped them settle in there, and went home. When passing near the inn, he could see that the Inn was surrounded by police officers. They must have found out about the hiding place, and attacked it. It was lucky that it wasn\u8217\'92t a Thursday, Daniel thought. Otherwise, the other two might have been caught. Daniel rushed back home, and met his girlfriend, who immediately got angry. She asked: \u8220\'93Where were you? You were suddenly missing from work, without reason. You got everyone worried that something had happened.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Oh, sorry. I felt really dizzy, and sat down somewhere in the fresh air.\u8221\'94. She looked at him with a look of not quite trusting him to speak the truth. He said: \u8220\'93I know, it sounds stupid, but I just felt terribly dizzy, like I could faint at any moment.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Have you started drinking again?\u8221\'94, she asked. \u8220\'93No\u8230\'85\u8221\'94, he answered. \u8220\'93Look, I wouldn\u8217\'92t mind if you di -\u8221\'94 - \u8220\'93 I didn\u8217\'92t drink\u8221\'94 - \u8220\'93 did, but you have to be honest, otherwise I can\u8217\'92t help you\u8221\'94. Daniel sighed. \u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t been drinking today, really.\u8221\'94. She looked puzzled. The adamant sincerity with which he said that must have confused her. \u8220\'93Then }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 what }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 have you been doing today?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94; she was almost screaming. \u8220\'93I just walked around, because I was dizzy.\u8221\'94, he answered. She said nothing, he said nothing. After a while, he stood up and started cooking. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \line The next Day, Daniel went to work again. He gave a simple lie: sorry, I was feeling ill, I know I should have asked the day off. Since his track record was decent, they weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t asking further questions. They were long happy that he was already back only one day later; he had already made himself quite useful in the few weeks that he had worked there. His job now was mostly involved with figuring out what resources would become pressing first if the situation with the cable car was broken for longer. The secondary cable car system was already being upgraded, and would be of higher capacity in a couple of months. In the intermediate period, the main task was to prevent starvation. Besides that, they were looking into getting weapons and soldiers transported towards the Shard on the other end. The problem was, they had no idea how big the rebellion really was. If it was just a single shard, they could prepare the attack from elsewhere. The other ground station was still supplying to the Capital, so that Shard, and surrounded area seemed to still listen to the Capital somewhat. However, there was no indication which other shards were still listening to the Capital. The capacity of the cable car was limiting the transport to such an extent that the number of shards connected would not be a thing limiting the amount of cargo transported to the Capital. After some time, imports of things such as chocolate might start to dip, but this is hard to measure, until the dip is for longer, because the exact contents per-vehicle are decided on the Outer Shards, they just have to take care that the total amounts make sense, and that goods don\u8217\'92t get stalled for too long. If that happened, they could go stale, or the Capital could run out of them. \line A small vehicle arrived in the capital. It was too small to contain people, and just held a small glass container with a letter in it. It stated they would only accept surrender of the Council, a new democratic government, and a release of all political criminals. If this wouldn\u8217\'92t happen, the cable car would not be put back into service. No mention of the second cable car yet.  They must have thought it wouldn\u8217\'92t be enough to sustain the capital, anyway. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \line The reasoning within the Ministry shifted. If this cable car connection is lost, which connection would be needed to keep the network stable? That was the question that was suddenly on the table. A new connection would take around six months to make, more if fewer Shards were cooperating. Still, it would be the only solution besides surrendering the government. And, this government would not surrender for some time. Besides that, the Council still had a set of gliders ready to attack if the time was really there. For now though, the council didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to attack with those, because that would lead to a lot of damage and destruction. Still though, it was an option that was kept just in case.\line A third cable car route option was pushed forward by the Council. It was given the highest priority besides the project of upgrading the secondary cable car line. The Council had become aware that the transport options really were their weak-point, and that having more than one main link was a necessity they couldn\u8217\'92t afford to skimp out on. It was decided that the third link would be a new biggest link. It would go into an area that was comparatively badly connected. The shards were already connected via other cable cars, but that required at least three links, and thus over twenty-five hours of just transit. Also, they were governed indirectly through two different local governments. Basically, at every stop on the cable car, there was a new local government. These would make decisions on what resources to push forward, and what they wanted per shard behind them. So, the further you are from the capital, the more layers of indirection are between you and the Capital. The project would start by surveying. They would fly around the shards in that region, looking for a nice big empty area to build a station. It would of course need to be facing the Capital to at least some extent. Quite conveniently, the Shards didn\u8217\'92t have relative rotation, which is why such a thing even works. After this, they would start construction. No shard has ever objected to a station being built, because it brings jobs, and power. They then become a hub within the tree-structure of power. So, after the surveys were completed, it was expected that construction could start pretty much immediately. Since the gravity wells of the Shards were rather weak, the cable car system actually wouldn\u8217\'92t need very heavy engines. Therefore, the only complex part of the system would be the cable itself, which would have to be produced at one of two special factories. One  of them was at the Capital, and it had started on building a cable for this route. The other factory was quite near Beta-One, so it was currently not of use, as long as the rebellion was going on. Actually, this route would use a double cable, to ensure a higher capacity could be reached. It would pretty much be a doubly built system; they really weren\u8217\'92t fucking around this time. The idea was basically that the current main route would be lowered in capacity to the point where it would be the least important route. Basically, this would be a punishment for going against the Capital; they would be much less important within the political landscape. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was decided that the cable car route would go to Octogon. Octogon was a medium-sized shard, and already had two small cable car connections. It contained a grain farm, as well as a small mill. It also had a small production of paper. Mostly though, it was conveniently located, and didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have a lot of population already. This meant the Capital could develop it in the way they pleased. Or at least, that was the plan. \line The first construction crew was not met with applause, but with demonstrations. It seemed the promise of an increase in political power would not be enough to keep this shard happy. They did not want the cable car there, and they would do what was in their power to stop it. The Capital had a hard time deciding what to do about this. On one hand, they didn\u8217\'92t want to give any out the message that open rebellion would ever work.\line \line Daniel was drafted into a team to work on the third-cable-car situation. They were considering three different responses. One possibility would be to just switch to a different target Shard. This would be less ideal; Octogon was the ideal target for a third route, with ample of space, being nicely central within the cluster of shards in that region, and also already having two cable car connections. However, there were some alternatives that were of similar quality. This would mean the Capital would show that they gave up on something they had decided was the best option. Although, the reaction with respect to Octogon would not depend on the final location of the cable car station that much. The second alternative would be to go in with force, claiming Octogon, and building the station regardless. This would mean arresting the people in charge of the demonstrations there, and replacing them with people who were more likely to listen. This would be expensive, and was not in line with the current strategy of the Council. They would rather shy away from force. Using force against civilians was not seen as a way to get them to like you. It would create fear, but fear only gets people to listen to you for just enough not to get in trouble. It was seen as better to inspire than to frighten. \line The final option would be to do nothing, and just wait for them to come to their senses. This would involve using the soft power that the Capital had to persuade the people on Octogon into listening to the Council. It was decided to go for option three, while readying the option to build the station on a different Shard. There would be a marketing campaign there, stressing the importance of this new link. It would tell people of the increased job offers, economic growth, and how it would benefit everyone, both in the Capital, and in the Outer Shards. It would leave out -of course- how this would also break part of the bargaining chip the rebels had in Beta-One.\line Daniel was asked if he wanted to join the team responsible for doing the promotion. He asked what it would entail. He was told that he would be tasked with producing a model of the cargo shipping patterns after the new cable car line was in-place, and how this would affect the local economy in Octogon, and around it. The idea was that by showing people what improvements would be made, they would be less likely to demonstrate. The leaders of the demonstration might never agree, it was thought, but if most other people do, the project can go through. This would mostly require that the work that was already done to choose for Octogon was presented in such a way that it was also clear to the people there what the benefits would be. It would also be of vital importance to showcase mostly the advantages for the Outer Shards, and to not put unnecessary emphasis on the benefits for the Capital. It should look like a win-win deal, even though the Capital would stand to win much more than Octogon would. Actually, being a nearby node for the shipping network is nice, but it\u8217\'92s a mixed blessing. It means you have more control, and stand to gain more wealth, but it also means the Capital will look more closely over your shoulder. The further away you are, the more indirectly you are managed. Basically, the outermost shards are very poor, but they are mostly free to do what they want, as long as they pay the required taxes.\line After Daniel had finished his calculations, he was suddenly told that he was to head to the glider port tomorrow. He would be airlifted to Octogon to present the material there.  The idea was that by sending him, they would show that the Capital was willing to talk. The plan was to not send much military force with this time, because this might only be met with violence. The demonstrators on Octogon had shown no signs of being violent so far, and the Capital had no plans to escalate unnecessarily. Besides, it was assumed that the people on Octogon knew that doing anything to harm Daniel would not improve their situation.\line Daniel said, sure, but then I\u8217\'92ll need the rest of the day off to prepare for leaving tomorrow. I promised my girlfriend that we would start preparing our wedding over the next couple of days, and I don\u8217\'92t want to break that promise. By leaving early, I can have my stuff packed before she comes home, and at least work a bit on preparing the wedding. The part about the fact that they were planning to get married wasn\u8217\'92t a lie. However, he was planning to go shopping, and to deliver that food at Violet and the Innkeeper. Doing so would mean that they would have enough food to last them a couple of days. They still had food for three more days, but he didn\u8217\'92t want to risk them having to leave there because he wasn\u8217\'92t back in time. When he entered the hideout, Violet and the Innkeeper looked surprised at him. \u8220\'93Back already?\u8221\'94, Violet asked. \u8220\'93I was asked to join a team to head to Octogon, one of the Outer Shards. It was planned to build a cable car line to there, but the people at Octogon were protesting it, threatening to block the construction. So, I\u8217\'92m getting sent there to convince them otherwise. I know, it\u8217\'92s incredibly dangerous, but it\u8217\'92s a great opportunity.\u8221\'94, Daniel said. Violet nodded. \u8220\'93Be safe.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll try my best.\u8221\'94. Before going home, Daniel decided to walk via Violet\u8217\'92s place and the Inn. The Inn was was barred off with tape, showing clearly the government had been there. Violet\u8217\'92s place looked very much undisturbed. When he looked around for a bit, a neighbour of her said that she had been away for a while now. He asked if anything special had happened, the neighbour denied this. He decided he wouldn\u8217\'92t go back to visit Violet and the innkeeper today, and left to go home. \line His girlfriend was not too happy to hear about his planned adventure to Octogon. She said, \u8220\'93You should have refused.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93They didn\u8217\'92t offer me a choice.\u8221\'94. She said nothing for a while. Daniel asked if something was wrong. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m pregnant\u8221\'94, she said, \u8220\'93I know, it\u8217\'92s not the right moment to tell you, but that\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s bothering me about this situation. I don\u8217\'92t want our child to have to grow up with only one parent.\u8221\'94. Daniel replied: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be safe.\u8221\'94, and gave her a hug, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be back before you know I\u8217\'92m gone, don\u8217\'92t worry.\u8221\'94.  She started to worry more.\line \line The next day, Daniel went straight to the Glider Port. He was greeted by security staff, who, upon seeing his identification, immediately let him through, without bothering him with security procedures. He was let onto the tarmac, where he was greeted by the Minister of Outer Shards, who wished him good luck. The Minister wasn\u8217\'92t coming with though, the President had decided against this. Safety concerns were preventing the Minister from going. Daniel thought that he was probably seen as an acceptable risk, whereas the Minister wasn\u8217\'92t. This wasn\u8217\'92t the nicest thing to think about, but it was probably true. Besides that, Daniel thought they were right about that assessment; sending higher-up officials into a demonstration is a risk. The Ministry had planned for this to happen though, because it was thought that the symbolic value of sending such a high-placed official would outweigh the risks. The plan had been overruled by the President however. Daniel entered the Glider, and was explained the safety instructions. This didn\u8217\'92t take that long, because, in most cases, they would just die. There weren\u8217\'92t that many situations which weren\u8217\'92t normal, but didn\u8217\'92t result in an explosive death. Ok, missing the target would qualify, but that would result in drifting away, until they ran out of air. The gliders were unable to steer while outside the atmospheres of Shards, so they couldn\u8217\'92t be steered if they were misaligned.\line They took off, and hurled themselves towards Octogon. Daniel thought it was incredible how such a machine could just fly. He had never left the Capital in his life, so this, for him, was the first time in between the Shards. He would get around forty minutes to enjoy the flight, before they were due to arrive in Octogon. There, he would get off, together with a few supporting staff. Looking out of the windows, Daniel saw the Capital quickly becoming smaller. He saw more Shards around than he had ever done before. In the distance ahead, nothing was visible yet. The cable car line to Octogon was going to be the longest line ever built within the Council-controlled shards. The regular travel time was scheduled to take eleven hours, making it one of the fastest of the systems. Still, Daniel was glad his flight would only take around forty minutes. Eleven hours, locked up in a cabin, no, he was happy to be in a glider instead. The main advantage of course was that the cable car could transport more, and at a fraction of the cost per kilogram. The glider could transport #COUNT# people, only a third of the capacity of the vehicles designed for the cable car. And that\u8217\'92s the passenger vehicles; the cargo vehicles were going to be even bigger. Still though, the tavel time would be a pain. \line They arrived in Octogon as expected. The landing was a bit bumpy, but nothing spectacular.\line Daniel grabbed his bag, removed his seatbelt, and left the glider. There were multiple people surrounding the glider. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I mean no harm, I\u8217\'92m here to talk. The glider can leave at any moment if you want to.\u8221\'94. The fiercest-looking one asked: \u8220\'93Did you bring weapons?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92m here just to talk.\u8221\'94. The one said: \u8220\'93Ok, tell your people to wait inside their vehicle, then we can go somewhere to talk. The name is Tom by the way.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Daniel.\u8221\'94. They entered a small old-looking farm, and sat down at a round table. Tom asked: \u8220\'93So, what are you doing here? Wasn\u8217\'92t it clear that we didn\u8217\'92t want your plans?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Your reponse was quite clear. However, I feel like that maybe a better explanation of the plans could help.\u8221\'94. Tom replied: \u8220\'93You mean the plan: let\u8217\'92s get rich together. We would get more power, by allowing you to steal from our friends around us? You\u8217\'92re offering us to become slavedrivers instead of slaves, right?\u8221\'94. Daniel thought for a moment. Tom was telling the truth, but he didn\u8217\'92t really want to admit that. Daniel replied: \u8220\'93It would bring prosperity to this shard and the ones around.\u8221\'94. Tom interjected: \u8220\'93It would allow your people to push us down even harder. We might become more rich then, but we would lose a lot of our freedom. So, with all due respect, no thanks.\u8221\'94. Daniel asked: \u8220\'93What makes you want to stay independent so bad?\u8221\'94. Tom almost lost his calm. He breathed in and out a few times, and said: \u8220\'93You really don\u8217\'92t know? While you rich people were busy playing kings and queens, we here were battling starvation. And when we tried to protect our rights, we were kicked down. Are people in the Capital really that evil?\u8221\'94. Daniel replied: \u8220\'93No. They just don\u8217\'92t know about all of this. They get indoctrinated by the news, it seems.\u8221\'94. Tom: \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re telling me they aren\u8217\'92t aware of the fact that the people outside the Capital are suffering? With the riches of the Capital, they must know, right?\u8221\'94. Daniel: \u8220\'93The Capital is built in such a way that people don\u8217\'92t see this problem. They don\u8217\'92t get to travel outside the Capital, don\u8217\'92t get to listen to people outside the Capital, and to pop this bubble, they would have to accept that they would have to lower their quality of living by quite a bit. So, they don\u8217\'92t want to see it.\u8221\'94. Tom asked: \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re here now, right? What are you planning to do? Go back and continue living happily?\u8221\'94. Daniel: \u8220\'93They will never just accept me leaving the place. Neither do I really want to, I have a family there. If you know of a way for me to be of help, please say so though. Because currently I really don\u8217\'92t know how to be of help. I want to help, but currently, all it would give me is trouble at home.\u8221\'94. Tom thought for a moment. He said: \u8220\'93We really need people to start thinking. We need to find a way to show them, without any doubt, that they are not free, and that their riches are used to stop them from thinking. But how do you do that?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 do }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  know the Capital really doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t like it when people go against them.\u8221\'94. Tom got a bit annoyed at the lack of commitment of Daniel; \u8220\'93People are dieing here, while you\u8217\'92re living in your ivory tower. Anyway, we won\u8217\'92t accept a cable car station here, not without a fight. We\u8217\'92ve had it with your Capital, and have no interest in playing your game. So, the only question is: what now. How are you, Daniel, going to react to this. You could just go back, close your eyes, thinking you did an OK job, but just couldn\u8217\'92t really be of help. You could also try to do more. Maybe it would help if you stayed here longer. We could ask your ride to come back later. We could even request them to send someone with the actual power to do negociations. In exchange for democracy, freedom of travel, and journalistic freedom, we might be willing to reconsider.\u8221\'94. Daniel replied: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how people will see it if I stay behind. With the hostage situation at Beta-One, I don\u8217\'92t know if they would be likely to listen. I could promote one of the neighbouring shards as a better option, but that would mean lying to my colleagues, who may well find out. That would ruin my reputation, and put me into grave danger. If no better option exists, that\u8217\'92s an option. That would not however help with the other goals you have.\u8221\'94. Tom replied, in a stern voice: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already come to a conclusion. You\u8217\'92re going to have to stay here until this has been figured out. We\u8217\'92ll pass along what we want, and that we want to talk to someone about it. Someone with actual power to make decisions.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93You do know they will spin this as being a hostage situation; this will cost you your head.\u8221\'94. Tom said: \u8220\'93Maybe, but I don\u8217\'92t see a better option.\u8221\'94. Daniel: \u8220\'93Let me go back, then we can try to improve it from the inside out. Doing this now will lead to a full on war. A war you will never win.\u8221\'94. Tom looked sad and said: \u8220\'93It can\u8217\'92t always be about survival, sometimes it has to be about standing up for something. We\u8217\'92ve allowed survival to dominate our thoughts for too long, we have to think about our humanity as well. The current system cannot be permitted to continue, not under any circumstances. If the result is a war, the blood is not on my hands. It was the Council in the Capital that decided to do so. Oh, by the way, this message of war will be spread along the Outer Shards, so there will be a full-on war. The Capital may be able to kill a lot of people, but they will receive a lot of resistance. Don\u8217\'92t expect to get much food. You may well be better off here than in the Capital, anyway. At least here there\u8217\'92s food.\u8221\'94.\line \line Daniel only knew about what happened in the days after this indirectly. He saw the Glider return, after which the government sent multiple gliders. In the meantime however, the people on Octogon had evacuated using one of the cable cars from there. It was as though Octogon had never existed. It was an empty shard with two cable car stations. Well, two, zero.. Fire bombs were set up, that could be remotely triggered. The trigger mechanism was triggered by running the cable in reverse. This would move something that caused a spark, which in turn set the entire buildings ablaze. So, Octogon was worthless from the perspective of a transit hub. Since they were unable to find out where the rebels had gone, they decided to go back to the Capital. From there, they got new instructions: take in anyone who could have known anything about their location. Question them until they answer. But here was the interesting thing. The neighbouring shards of Octogon claimed nobody was working the cable car system. They had not seen anyone new there. And of course, nobody was manning the cable car stations that didn\u8217\'92t connect to anything. Being more than six hubs away from the Capital, they had very little in the way of administration. For now, the Council let this situation slide. They had more pressing matters at hand. The hostage situation still wasn\u8217\'92t resolved. Since Octogon now was now empty, they might as use that as a military base. After that, they could move a decently sized military force there, and start a war. The distance between Octogon and it\u8217\'92s neighbours was just under half a kilometre, so not that big of a deal. The Council wanted to show power. They knew the transit speeds would be quite low, and assumed that there would be people willing to tell them who was part of the rebellion. High priority had finding back Daniel, who would be able to tell them who was part of the rebellion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \line From a nearby Shard, Daniel could see multiple gliders approach Octogon. They guessed a military force was coming. About an hour later, a loud bang could be heard. A canister of sorts had crashed into a nearby building. Upon inspecting it, they saw it contained a note. It said: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Give up the rebels, and we\u8217\'92ll show mercy. It seemed the Capital was underestimating the scale of the rebellion. You have two days to find them, and the third day we want to have them on the marketplace, by dawn.\u8221\'94. They had a discussion about it, and decided not to do it. Most of the regular population of the shard had already moved away, the few people still living there were actually all members of the rebellion. So, instead, they just hid, waiting for the soldiers to arrive. They weren\u8217\'92t stupid, and hid on the side opposite from Octogon, assuming whatever fired the canister would not be able to reach them there. When that day came, four gliders landed on the shard, and troops came out. They removed the engine from both cable car stations, sabotaging the breaks in such a way that the cable would not be able to run at all. Therefore, the rebels had become stuck on this shard, with no way to get out of this shard, or get resources. They were facing death by starvation, if they didn\u8217\'92t change their strategy. They could see the gliders had left, thinking they had finished their jobs. They didn\u8217\'92t care that much for Daniel it seemed, seeing him as spoils of war. Still, one victim as a price for solving a problem with rebels, not bad at all.  That is, had it been succesful. There were only fifteen people on this shard, which had enough farming to sustain those fifteen people. So, basically, they were imprisoned, but would not die there. At least, not in the nearby future. So, they set out to get the cable to run freely. It would not be enough to get full service, but it could be enough to slowly get across. The brakes were working with a big weight that was holding the breakshoe in place. This would bluntly put the cable into place. The soldiers had bent the hinge. But they were able to think of a repair. It would take weeks, if not months, but they had plenty of food, and plenty of time.\line So, when gliders returned four weeks later, to see if they were ready to give in, to their surprise, they saw that the people on the shard seemed to be doing fine. Therefore, they decided enough was enough. They sifted through the entire shard, putting all the food on a big pile in the center of the city. Then they slowly but certainly airlifted it all out. After they were done, they left a note, saying: we\u8217\'92ll be here again tomorrow, after that, we won\u8217\'92t be for another three months. Your choice. We\u8217\'92re sorry about Daniel, but this has to stop. If you give us your leader, the rest will only get minor charges. \line \line They did the math, the food they had left would, with luck, last them two weeks. The fix to the cable car system would, take slightly more than that. Then suddenly it dawned on Daniel. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve been trying to solve the wrong problem. There\u8217\'92s no need to fix the system. We just need to break the cable. After doing that, the other end can start pulling us in. We just have to hope they will do so. One vehicle on this line was able to transport fifteen people. So, they would be able to make a break for it like that. They waited for the gliders to do their last fly-by. WHen they saw the gliders properly headed towards the horizon, they started breaking the cable. The idea would be that almost everyone would be in the cabin, and that the last person would enter just before the cable snapped. They would close the doors as they left. The tension on the cable would automatically push them out of the station. Since the travel distance was only seven hundred meters, the other side would almost instantly see the cabin. They would probably assume something had happened, and try to reel it in. At least, that\u8217\'92s what Tom, Daniel and the others hoped. If the other shard did nothing, they would suffocate within hours. This system was not made for long distance travel, so the oxygen-systems were only made to last for seven hours;  the smallest size that was built for these systems. They would have probably been fitted with smaller ones, had they been available. They then realised that, after they left the atmosphere, a thing guided by the cable would be able to reach the other shard without problem. They built a small fireworks rocket out of gunpowder collected from ammo. Even though the Council tried to ban gun ownership of normal citizens, this was Octogon region; guns had existed there for some time before the Event, and the law hadn\u8217\'92t really fully moved into these regions yet. It were hunting rifles, not really suited for man-to-man combat, but it would do fine as material for rockets. The rockets were built in no time. One of them was tested, and worked as expected. So, they built a simple guiding vehicle. It was a piece of wood, holding six rockets. It held two metal canisters with notes in them. The notes said: we\u8217\'92re in the vehicle, on a loose end of the cable. Please get us home. Hope to see you soon. Sophia, one of the other rebels, said a prayer, and they set the plan to motion. It\u8217\'92s said no plan survives contact with the enemy. They were lucky that there was no enemy in sight; it went exactly as planned, and they arrived on the next shard. They were greeted immediately by multiple people. They were hailed as heroes. From there, lots of options existed. And, by this point, quite a few weapons were collected. It looked like the region was getting ready for a full on rebellion. They may have given up on Octogon and the neighbouring shards, but they hadn\u8217\'92t lost anyone or anything important. Also, their story gained them more and more followers. Besides the original twelve and Daniel (who by now was really a part of the revolution), twenty more people seemed willing to fight. So, fight they were going to. First though, they were treated to a nice meal. Any meal would have been nice after the rations of the last couple of days, but this meal was genuinly great. It had multiple courses, and was served in candle-light, with wine. They were told that this was a gift from everyone in the surrounding shards, for standing up for their rights. The message was passing through the entire Outer Shard region now, and people were starting to get the will to fight.\line \line To really hurt the capital, the third link should also be broken. That was the idea that was in everyone\u8217\'92s head on #SHARDNAME#. It would be very much protected by now though, so that would be a hard to achieve goal. In the end, they decided to go for the three cable car stations connecting with this shard. Just hurting two of them would already hurt the Capital in a major way, but by taking all three, they would remove the Capital\u8217\'92s ability to get new goods. They realised that this would mean war. However, they didn\u8217\'92t see any other way. And besides this, in a full on war, the Capital would not have much of a chance at winning, since they were outnumbered by great amounts. Nobody had bothered to count, but over two hundred thousand people lived in the Outer Shards, whereas the population of the Capital was limited to around ten thousand. One could conclude that the Capital ruled by fear and indoctrination, not by actual power. At least, that was the conclusion of the rebellion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 #idea: Block shards around the cable car station. }}