{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two days later, Daniel had another strange dream. He, again, was alone on a shard. This time though, it had ruins on there. With some effort, he could recognise it as Monument Island. It had all the distinguishing features, but was overgrown with weed. It looked like nobody had been there for months, if not years. There were few signs of damage, only time seemed to have played it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s part. It seemed as though people had just disappeared, leaving nature to take its course. Suddenly, he heard a voice. It said: \u8220\'93This is what happens if the fight is going to go through.\u8221\'94. Daniel asked: \u8220\'93Who are you? Why are you in my dream?\u8221\'94. The mysterious voice answered: \u8220\'93Who I am is not that important right now. What\u8217\'92s important is that we try to save whatever is left to be saved.\u8221\'94. Daniel replied: \u8220\'93But if I don\u8217\'92t know who you are, why should I trust you? How do I know that you know better what\u8217\'92s going to happen?\u8221\'94. The voice answered the second question instead of the first: \u8220\'93Think of it like this: what good is it going to do if everyone is fighting each other? Whatever things were rebuilt so far will be destroyed again. The social hierarchy will be overthrown, but what will take it\u8217\'92s place? People outside the Capital are struggling, yes, but at least there\u8217\'92s infrastructure now so food can be transported. Besides large-scale harvest failures, food gets shared, so if there\u8217\'92s a lack of food in one place, people will share. Also, there\u8217\'92s trade going on again, so not everyone has to provide for themselves. You want to destroy all of that for a political cause?\u8221\'94. Daniel answered: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t. I just want equality, or at least openness. It\u8217\'92s the Capital that doesn\u8217\'92t want to give us either.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Strong words, coming from someone who only just left the Capital. Do you really think your new friends would be more kind towards the people that would be under their power, if they had it? Or would it just reverse the roles? How do you think it would work if there\u8217\'92s scarcity then? It\u8217\'92s easy to be all for equality when you aren\u8217\'92t the one having to make the hard decisions.\u8221\'94. Daniel: \u8220\'93Sure, but that doesn\u8217\'92t mean I should just accept that the structure here is just broken forever, with no chance to change it.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93True, but war wouldn\u8217\'92t have been the only alternative.\u8221\'94. Daniel: \u8220\'93Then you, mysterious voice, should tell me: }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 what should I have done instead?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . There was no answer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just as I thought.\u8221\'94. The mysterious voice answered: \u8220\'93Perhaps we should talk again later. We shall meet again.\u8221\'94. Daniel woke up.\line \line The plan was simple: go from Shard to Shard, telling the people there about their mission. They would have to refuel after about seven stops. So, either they would have to steal fuel somewhere, or the seventh stop would have to be near where they wanted to be in the end. That would lose them the glider, but it would mean not having to break into something well-protected. \line Everywhere they went, they were met with applause. Their story had preceded them, and they were welcomed as heroes. They told the story of their heroic fights against the Gliders, and told people about why they should also pick up their weapons and fight. They explained that if everyone cooperated, they would fight the Capital twenty to one. So, even with no way to reach the Capital, they would be able to hurt them to the point of them having to give in and grant them some rights as well. It was odd to see that, suddenly, there was no fighting going on. It almost seemed as though the Capital had given up. In fact though, they were just re-organising, and figuring out their next step. \line After three visits, they decided to do three more visits, on Shards around the secondary cable car station. If those three could be convinced to go on strike, there would be no way to get cargo in and out of the Capital. It would be locked off from the Outer Shards. And even if they managed to break one of the three strikes, they would still have a crippled input. The plan was to tell people to stop transporting, and tell people to prepare the cable car stations for sabotage. The idea was that if they were attacked, they would destroy the link with the Capital. This would mean that the Capital would no longer be connected to the rest of the Shards, and if they tried to do something about this, they would lose their connections for even much longer. The plan seemed perfect at a first glance. It was surprisingly easy for them to convince the people on these shards to go on strike. They had been wanting to do it for a while, but, without coordination they had no reason to do so. It simply wouldn\u8217\'92t have much effect, unless all three would go on strike at the same time. \line A few days later, it would be the day of the reunion. This was a celebratory day, signifying the moment the Capital was reconnected with this group of Outer Shards. Therefore, it was seen as a significant moment to choose to go on strike. Why not take a symbolic date to start your rebellion? On that day, a note was sent with the final shipment of goods towards the Capital. All three wrote on their note that they were going on strike, demanding better conditions for the Outer Shards. It stated this was a coordinated strike, and that almost all of the Outer Shards was aware of this, and agreed with it. There was no immediate response. The note stated that they would slowly run the cable car service once more the day later, holding it mid-transport for three days by applying the brakes. The reasoning was that this would mean there was no oxygen left in the vehicle by that point, so no soldiers could transport with it. They also stated that if they recognised that it was a passenger vehicle, they would hold it there indefinately. A harsh threat, but at least it meant the Capital could send one last message towards the Outer Shards before they would go radio-silent. The Capital replied: \u8220\'93We want to talk. Let\u8217\'92s meet on Octogon. This was of course a symbolic location, the first location of rebellion. It was also fairly far away, meaning the glider would run out of fuel going there. Therefore, they couldn\u8217\'92t really go there. So, they replied: we lack the fuel to make such a trip. They didn\u8217\'92t really want to send this message, because they gave away that their Glider was practically out of commission, but it was the only thing they could really do to try and make something of the situation.\u8221\'94. The message from the rebels included that the same reply-strategy would be used again. With this strategy, for one message to return, multiple days passed. A couple of days later, the Capital replied: \u8220\'93Ok, then what about we send you the fuel, and you refuel your Glider with it. Then we can meet at Octogon.\u8221\'94. The rebels thought about it, and decided to agree. Although they didn\u8217\'92t fully trust the Capital, they found that they had to at least somewhat listen to them and trust them, or there was no point to this situation. After comparing the fuel in substance to the fuel already in the Glider, they came to the conclusion that (a) it looked like Glider fuel, and (b) they had no way to chemically test if it indeed was Glider fuel. It didn\u8217\'92t seem to contain sand at least, so if it was sabotaged, it was done in a more sophisticated way. The rebels decided to first take a test flight with the new fuel, before they would allow mission-critical staff on-board. Losing Daniel, Sophia and Edward in a crash would probably mean the end of the rebellion, so was it reasoned. They had attracted new people, but }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 they }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 were the face of the rebellion, the others only followed. The test flight didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t turn out to be a disaster. So, they decided to take the risk and fly to Octogon. They didn\u8217\'92t aim for Octogon to begin with, first they flew in the direction of }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Shard4}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . They would do a short landing there, to stretch their legs, and observe Octogon from a distance. If it turned out to be a trap, they would have a chance of knowing. At least, that was the reasoning. Upon landing on }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Shard4, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 they saw nothing strange at Octogon. So, they flew to Octogon. When they flew over it, they saw no weapons systems there. There was three people standing there. They might have been armed, but it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look that way. They landed a safe distance away from them, and approached by foot. Daniel recognised one of them. It was Charles. He stood still for a short moment, reminiscing the past. How close he had come to living a normal life. It wasn\u8217\'92t meant to be for him, it seemed. He continued approaching them, before Sophia and Edward got confused by his behaviour. They shook hands, and introduced themselves. On the other side of the conversation they had Charles, #MinistryOfOuterShardsName and #vicePresidentName, representing the Ministry of Resources, the Ministry of Outer Shards, the latter being the Vice-President. It seemed the Capital had really sent their improtant people this time. And without an army to back them up it seemed. This got them suspicious, what else did they have as security then? The Vice-President took the word: \u8220\'93Hello, and thank you for meeting us. I know we would rather not have to have this conversation, and I hope this is likewise.\u8221\'94. Daniel nodded. She continued: \u8220\'93You probably already figured out that we must have some sort of security; something we held back and didn\u8217\'92t tell you? Otherwise we wouldn\u8217\'92t have come here without military force to back us up?\u8221\'94. She stayed silent , possibly to add dramatic effect. \u8220\'93Well, we have planted explosives throughout the three shards which you so cleverly took over. You see, our people could also do the math, and had predicted this would happen. All it took was taking some children prisoner, and the people there were all for planting explosives there to stop you. People are so easy to manipulate.\u8221\'94. Daniel, Sophia and Edward stayed silent. Finally, Edward, the mostly silent one, took the word: \u8220\'93Then we\u8217\'92re in a deadlock, aren\u8217\'92t we? Since we\u8217\'92re armed, we could take you three prisoner, and you have your bombs as a threat.\u8221\'94. She replied: \u8220\'93Thing is though, we\u8217\'92re willing to go through with our plan. If we don\u8217\'92t send the signals, the bombs }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  explode. The three of us would be an acceptable loss. Besides that, I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think you would go about killing us. History showed you had problems with that.\u8221\'94. She looked at Daniel. Charles said: \u8220\'93We were very disappointed to figure out you switched sides. What did they offer you in return?\u8221\'94. Daniel was silent for a while, and, in the end, replied: \u8220\'93The truth..\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93The truth? Does it even exist? You mean the fact that the Capital is willing to do what it takes? We kept people alive? Can you see the same about your little rebellion? Look at the destruction you have caused.\u8221\'94. Daniel: \u8220\'93That was only because you decided to attack us, instead of talking to us.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93There was nothing to talk about. The things you proposed weren\u8217\'92t executable. It would have lead to much more suffering than would have been worth it. Our attacks were calculated to be the lesser evil.\u8221\'94, Charles replied. Daniel asked: \u8220\'93How do you know such things? You haven\u8217\'92t even bothered to listen to us! All we wanted is to be kept in the loop about what was going on. We didn\u8217\'92t even want fully equal rights, we just wanted people out here not to starve.\u8221\'94. Charles: \u8220\'93All we in the Capital told you guys is what we would need to survive, and to rebuild society. We asked for a bit more than was strictly necessary, true, but that\u8217\'92s because you can\u8217\'92t expect engineers to work on a minimal diet. They work much better if they are well-fed. If you want to know why people are starving, you should ask the people on shards such as Beta-One. They are the ones deciding who needs to contribute what. They are the ones controlling the logistics. We neither have the manpower nor the will to control it all.\u8221\'94. Daniel looked at her with disbelief. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re telling me you\u8217\'92re not responsible for what\u8217\'92s going on in the Outer Shards?\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Well, to some extent, I guess we are. We defined the rules which are used to govern them. However, the people here in the Outer Shards are the ones that actually are awful to eachother. We are merely guilty by not providing better rules.\u8221\'94. Daniel thought for a bit. Sophia answered in his stead: \u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re asking us to just go back and start living our lives as though this didn\u8217\'92t happen?\u8221\'94. #VP answered: \u8220\'93That would probably be the best for all of us, but I don\u8217\'92t see that happening. Besides that, the Capital demands some form of justice for what happened here. We could not just let this slip and expect everything to turn to normal again. We need to make an example out of this. The system has to stand, for humanity to survive.\u8221\'94. Daniel thought that it was convenient for someone who had it all to defend the system, while the people who got the bad end of the deal thought it wasn\u8217\'92t a good deal. He asked: \u8220\'93How are you supposed to have us convince our people that the system as it is is a fair system? Even if we did what you asked, it still wouldn\u8217\'92t happen. They have been told that they would get more, now they have to get more.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93They }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 will }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 get more. Just not today. They just have to wait, things will improve in the future.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94, she replied. Sophia said: \u8220\'93Do you have anything to back these promises up?\u8221\'94. #VP replied: \u8220\'93Well, to start with, everyones quality of life has improved over the last few years.\u8221\'94. Edward accidentally interrupted her, mumbling : \u8220\'93Except for those who died of starvation.\u8221\'94. #VP looked at him with mild annoyance, and continued: \u8220\'93Almost all lives have improved over since the event. Not everything has gone perfectly all the time, but the chances of starvation are lower. Education is increased. There are more options for self-growth. At the end of the day, there is a lot less poverty, and even the people living in poverty have it less bad than the first period after the Event. I\u8217\'92ll admit there\u8217\'92s wealth inequality. But, part of that is necessary to sustain certain types of jobs. Part of it is even that by giving people who achieved more, we give people a reward for being more useful.\u8221\'94. Daniel replied: \u8220\'93You mean: you give people a reward for living in the Capital.\u8221\'94. She replied: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll admit that the people in the Capital have a higher quality of living. This is also caused by the fact that in the Capital, only people live with better-paying jobs, one way or another.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s plainly not true though, because a cleaner in the Capital has a better life than almost everyone in the Outer Shards. So, it\u8217\'92s clearly about }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 where}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  you live rather than what your purpose is. With very few exceptions, this is the rule by which the world here works\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94. She replied: \u8220\'93Anyway, we\u8217\'92re not getting anywhere. Our deal we offer is the following. If you release the cable car stations from your control without causing further harm, we won\u8217\'92t do anything to harm you all either. Have your own people leave these shards without any further provocations, and tell your allies to stand down. If you do that, we won\u8217\'92t be executing on our threat to violence. We\u8217\'92re looking forward to seeing your reaction, we hope it\u8217\'92s the wisest one.\u8221\'94. They shook hands, and both groups retreated to their own glider. On the way back, they considered their options. They could check if the Capital was bluffing, and stay there. If it was bluff, then they would be able to sit it out. They could also choose to retreat and reorganise. As a third option, they could evacuate, but tell the locals to keep the position. The shards would be blown up, which would make the people there martyrs for the cause. This could be combined with a more permanent sabotage of the stations. They could also decide to try and defuse the bombs. This would be quite tricky, because they could be hidden anywhere. Finally, they could choose to just attack. This would, without a doubt, lead to many victims, and make them look even more like villains. However, it would be a step forward to a certain degree.\line None of the three knew how to decide between these options. If the bomb story was fake, staying there would, by far, be the best option. If it wasn\u8217\'92t fake, the reaction depended on how much value was given to the lives of the people living on these Shards. If the value was seen as fairly low, then the option of simply letting it get blown up, and using that as a marketing thing would make sense. If these lives were seen as more vital, then they would have to leave without making a mess. \line Daniel said: \u8220\'93Whatever we do, everyone who\u8217\'92s involved has to make their own decision consciously I would say. If we ask people to stay behind, we have to tell them about the possibility of bombs having been planted. If we don\u8217\'92t do that, we\u8217\'92d be monsters. Sophia replied: \u8220\'93But then they wouldn\u8217\'92t want to see that plan to. That plan may be the best option we have. Just refusing to do it out of a sense of morality feels wrong to me. Sometimes you have to be bad, in order to defeat a greater evil.\u8221\'94. Daniel replied: \u8220\'93You may believe that, but I don\u8217\'92t. I believe everyone\u8217\'92s decisions are for themselves. And the people on these Shards can\u8217\'92t make their own decisions for themselves if they don\u8217\'92t know what\u8217\'92s going on around them. So we would then have to tell them about the risk they\u8217\'92d be taking, and about why wouldn\u8217\'92t take the risk with them.\u8221\'94. Edward nodded. Edward wasn\u8217\'92t one of many words, he preferred to think, and say something when it really mattered. The discussion right now was much too philosophical for his liking, so he wisely stayed out of it. For him, practical points are much more important than the theoretical reasons behind things. He therefore replied: \u8220\'93Is letting thirty allies die in horrible explosions worth it, compared to being able to hold these positions for longer, perhaps a lot longer, because they could swoop back in and reclaim them. And even better, they would know if the Capital was capable of this kind of an organised attack. They had a feeling it was capable of much, but getting an idea about the limits of the Capital would be worth quite a lot. Whether or not that\u8217\'92s worth the lives we\u8217\'92re putting at stake I don\u8217\'92t know. You two may have more experience with these kinds of decisions.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Well, I have a fundamental problem with not telling people about the risks we want them to take. Sophia doesn\u8217\'92t, and just wants the best possible outcome. We have nobody else to ask for an opinion on this. So I guess it comes down to the three of us. I would prefer if we were unanymous about this, but I don\u8217\'92t know if that will be possible. The opinions may not be reconsilable.\u8221\'94. Edward said: \u8220\'93What if we flee away, and secretly spread the story of this shard. Then we tell select people there that after a period of resuming normal operation, another strike should be started. By that time, more people around will have heard of the situation there, and how the Capital is threatening to kill innocent people there. Because, besides the few people that handle the strike, most people there actually have no involvement in it. It would show the brutality of the Capital. I don\u8217\'92t feel like what happens after is really our responsibility, because we can\u8217\'92t be held accountable for the deeds of someone else. Not giving in to a threat is not the same as being responsible for the result. The only ones responsible for what happens are the people at the Capital.\u8221\'94. Daniel asked: \u8220\'93So, you would tell everyone in the world, except for most people on the Shards where the lives are at risk?\u8221\'94. Edward said: \u8220\'93Exactly. Because telling the people there will make them not execute the strike. And that strike is vital, without it, our position is hopeless. They would always be able to force someone to trade with them. We need to take away that trading power from them.\u8221\'94. So, in the end, they decided to run away with the people who were directly under their control, and tell the others to lay low, preparing for a new strike in a couple of weeks. They indeed managed to evacuate without a problem, and slowly started to spread rumors about the Capital having placed bombs under the Shards. This would be known by some spies from the Capital. However, these would rely on the cable car network to get the message across, and it probably wouldn\u8217\'92t. So, even though some people on their side knew about it, it would take very long for them to get a message across. Especially since at every point, messages were held for as long as practically possible. Simply put, most people operating the cable cars hated the messages from the secret service. They never adhered to the standardized format, they never came in in time for the next batch, they always acted as though they would be of highest priority, and they just generally weren\u8217\'92t nice to the people runnng the system. As a rule, if you are an asshole towards others, they won\u8217\'92t be doing more for you than they strictly have to. So, strictly speaking, they would have to send messages across. However, if it went \u8216\'91a bit slower\u8217\'92, that would not really get them into trouble, so they just did. \line \line So, everyone except for the people in the Capital knew that a second strike was coming. It was announced almost everywhere. They would this time not do full on strikes, but just only transport very inefficiently. They would, strictly speaking, still do their job, but the Capital wouldn\u8217\'92t nearly get enough, and would often not get the things they asked for. The reasoning was that this kind of a strike could be held for much longer, and was also much easier to grow. Just one person in one office could, if working ineffectively, have quite an impact on the overall performance of the group. It was interesting to see how much of a result this had. There was barely any cargo moving through to the Capital, let alone anything they actually wanted. \line \line They must have figured it out. Black smoke appeared in the distance a few days later, surrounding the three shards that had gone on strike. So, the Capital had made good on their promise. Daniel, Sophia and Edward decided to fly to as many of them as possible, to see if the sabotage of the stations had indeed worked. If this was the case, then, at least, it would mean that both sides had lost. It seemed that mutually assured destruction was a term that was misunderstood by both parties in this conflict. The Capital had just killed much of the active assistants of the rebellion, but, at the same time, they had destroyed the last part of infrastructure connecting them to the rest of the world. Well, besides the cable car line that was still on strike, and the line that was under construction. Still though, things weren\u8217\'92t looking good for them either. Daniel, Sophia and Edward were able to complete the sabotage of the three stations from these shards leading up to the connector-shard. It didn\u8217\'92t take much time at all, because the work had already been prepared. Still though, it would take weeks to repair, at the least. So, now the conflict settled down again. Both sides had suffered huge losses, one in material strategic position, the other in people. Neither party was showing any signs of heading towards reconsiliation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line Daniel had another strange dream. This time he was not alone. There was someone else standing there. Someone he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t met before. Someone new. He felt like this person was not part of his imagination somehow. As though that person was real in the same sense that he himself was. He walked towards this person with a sense of curiosity and fear, like someone who sees a stranger suddenly sitting in their living room. On one hand, it\u8217\'92s fairly scary, but on the other end, who is it? What are they doing there? And since the person made no attempt to hide, they must have wanted to meet, Daniel reasoned. \u8220\'93I tried contacting you before, but it didn\u8217\'92t work\u8221\'94, this person said. I tried showing you what would happen\u8230\'85 But you didn\u8217\'92t listen. You didn\u8217\'92t seem to grasp what I was trying to say. Do you see it already? It\u8217\'92s too late, but do you at least see it now?\u8221\'94. Daniel asked: \u8220\'93Too late for what? Bridges can be rebuilt.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Physical ones can, but the canyon you helped form between people outside and inside the Capital can\u8217\'92t be filled up in time. The suffering that follows will be on your hands.\u8221\'94. Daniel asked, again: \u8220\'93Who are you? Why are you telling me this?\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93I was tasked with taking care of this world, to prepare it for a future that would have to come. A future that was started when the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Experiment }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 took place. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been trying to keep everything together after the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Event}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . However, I hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seen this conflict coming. It hadn\u8217\'92t occurred to me that humans could be }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 this }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 self-destructive.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94. Daniel: \u8220\'93You mean, this principal about wanting to be treated humanly?\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Humanly, interesting choice of words. What does it even mean? Does not getting access to everything mean you aren\u8217\'92t free? And besides, this was going to be a transition period. In thirty years, all of this would have been fixed. Now, I would be surprised if more than a couple of people make it that far.\u8220\'93. Daniel: \u8220\'93Why do you think it will go }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 that }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 badly? There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s still plenty of farms in the Outer Shards, and most of the infrastructure here is still intact.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s gonna keep running those systems once the Capital falls apart? Don\u8217\'92t underestimate how important they were to you all. They provided the blueprints for society. You didn\u8217\'92t get a say in it, but you were a part of the design. A design you\u8217\'92ve vandalised. Now, it\u8217\'92s crippled, and it will fall. Congratulations. Ah well, at least you\u8217\'92ll be free when you die.\u8221\'94. Daniel woke up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line Just because they were cut off from the rest of the world, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mean the Capital wasn\u8217\'92t trying to solve their problems. They attempted to take back their one last connected cable car station. Much to their surprise, they were able to claim it without trouble. The rebels had moved on elsewhere. Instead, there was nothing there. It still worked, but all the goods had moved elsewhere. To their pleasant surprise though, the prisoners that had been kept there were still there, with a big enough pile of food that they could have stayed there for much longer. The rebels that had taken this base had decided to join Daniel, Sophia and Edward. Although they were the initiators, they didn\u8217\'92t feel like they were the ones who were the lead in the fight anymore. That role was now with Daniel, Sophia, ..}}