{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not much was standing after the conflict was over. The sheer destructive force of the weapons used had destroyed most liveable land. The population of the region had dropped from 200 000 to an unknown number, which was only going to drop even further because of a lack of food, water, and all other necessary goods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Within this chaos, Edward was the first of the three to die. A missile hit a complex where he was working. The others two had been nearby, but due to luck weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hit by the missiles. In the chaos of the attack however, Daniel was captured, and taken to the Capital. He was taken to a prison complex, awaiting interrogation. However, much to his surprise, he wasn\u8217\'92t interrogated. Instead, they just sent him home. As Daniel was walking through the streets he could notice that everyone was staring at him. With reason, of course, but still. A child on a corner picked up a small rock, and threw it at him. \u8220\'93Traitor\u8221\'94 was screamed at him. He stopped in front of his home. He saw the flat was full of life. His to be wife was there, with a child in her hands. With her, however, was another man. They seemed to be enjoying each others company. Daniel sighed, and walked off. He couldn\u8217\'92t really return there. So, he went to the hiding spot near the Inn, to look for Violet and the Innkeeper. He found traces of the fact that they had lived there, but nothing more. They must have had to move out at some point. Maybe they moved to a better spot, but, more probably, they had been caught. Daniel felt himself slowly getting increasingly uneasy. Everything here that was connected to him had disconnected itself from him. There was nothing left that wanted him, or needed him. There was just things that had at one point been in his life. He went to the monument island to think. He found a nice spot near the big fountain, and sat down. He had expected to have to give everything. He had expected to have to fight. He had expected that nobody in his previous life would like him anymore. But.. This felt wrong to him. He was suddenly outside the conflict, unable to do anything about it. He was behind enemy lines, but had nothing really to do there. He was probably watched by some secret police right now, so he could not even do one last heroic deed. It would just be foiled. The only thing he could think of was doing the unthinkable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He decided against that. Instead, he went back to the Inn. It was taped shut, stated for lack of rent payment. Seemed logical; the owner was no longer there. He entered, and looked for food. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t expect anyone to mind him taking the food from there, so he just decided to take it. When he looked for a spot to lie down, he found that there was an upper floor. He went there, and found a bedroom. It had a desk, a closet, and some other furniture. The window was overlooking the street. Interesting, Daniel thought, I never noticed this window being there. It\u8217\'92s even quite big. He got curious, so he started to look around. He found a note. It explained how the Innkeeper and Violet, after not receiving food (from Daniel) anymore, were forced to go outside. They had waited for a week-and-a-half for him to come back, and when he didn\u8217\'92t, they had no choice but to go outside. They said they had stockpiled on all they thought they would need for staying under there a bit longer. Below that, the handwriting became more erratic. It stated that there was someone coming. Someone they didn\u8217\'92t know. It said the door was being breached. The note ended on the text: \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re going to make a run for it.\u8221\'94. There was a staircase going up from this floor. Daniel guessed this is where they must have fled. He followed the staircase up, and ended up on the roof. It had a nice view, but it was not well-connected to the rest of the buildings. Anyone trying to get out of here would have to jump. One spot looked like it should have had a metal staircase going down, but that must have gone quite a while ago, because nothing of it remained. Daniel looked for other traces of where they could have gone. He knew he wouldn\u8217\'92t find them back like this. He knew their story has no chance to have ever ended well; he had been gone for months by now. However, it was the only thing keeping him going, because, other than that, there was nothing in the Capital that made him feel like he belonged there. Nothing that reminded him of who he was, or had become. There was just things that reminded him of who he could have been. He saw traces of an attempt at a jump. They must have jumped a two-and-a-half meter gap to another building. He looked down the gap. It was quite a bit down. Daniel didn\u8217\'92t know what else he expected to see there. There was no horribly mutilated body, if that\u8217\'92s what he had been looking for. Nothing there that would have told the story of something that happened there before. But, then again, it happened months ago. Daniel walked away from the edge and took a deep breadth. Had anyone told him that he would jump from building to building over a gap, when falling in would result in almost certain death, he wouldn\u8217\'92t have believed it. Ah well, he thought, there have been lots of things he hadn\u8217\'92t believed to be possible that were possible now. It was just the world he was living in. Daniel ran, and took the jump. As his feet left the ground, he could notice something was wrong. He lost his grip, and expected this to be the end. Instead, he was sort of just hanging there. He wasn\u8217\'92t exactly not falling, but he just wasn\u8217\'92t doing it as quickly yet as it would have been expected. Therefore, he had enough time to grab hold of the edge of the building. With some effort, he pulled himself back up. Surprised as he was, he was even more surprised to hear the mysterious voice talk to him. This was reality after all, not his dreams. \u8220\'93You probably figured out that something strange is going on. You may have just figured out that you are able to do something that you shouldn\u8217\'92t be. It\u8217\'92s hard to explain what really happened, but, basically, you can slow down time around you for a short while.\u8221\'94. Daniel didn\u8217\'92t really know what to say about this. He thought about an answer, or a question even. The voice was ahead of him: \u8220\'93 You\u8217\'92re probably wondering why you got this power, or from where. Well, you were one of the people that had a huge influence on the fate of this world. Due to reasons I\u8217\'92m not permitted to explain, you got this power.\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Daniel asked: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is expected of me now? To be some sort of a superhero?\u8221\'94. The voice responded: \u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t that expected of everyone? Joking aside, nothing is expected from you. You have this power, and you can use it as you please. Nobody will even take it away if you use it in ways that are less than moral\u8221\'94. Daniel asked if it had limits. The voice responded: \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s best not to overstress this skill, it has it\u8217\'92s limits. At a certain point time will have to move forward regardless of whether you want it to or not. Other than that, you should figure it out on your own.\u8221\'94. Daniel asked: \u8220\'93How do I cause it to happen? It just happened by accident just now.\u8221\'94. The response was: \u8220\'93You have to actually }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 really }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 want it. If you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 really really }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 want it, it won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t happen. So, if you\u8217\'92re about to fall to your death, it\u8217\'92s easier to use than to use it to steal some sweets.\u8221\'94. Daniel decided he would try it out. HE found a nice little rock, and threw it up. He walked away from it, and as it was about to hit the ground, he tried to walk towards it with time slowed down. Time didn\u8217\'92t slow down however, and the rock fell on the ground. The voice said: \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s hard to want something if there are no real stakes. If you\u8217\'92re just trying it out, you\u8217\'92re fine with failing. When you were about to fall to your death, you really really wanted to hold on to prevent falling any further. Therefore, you got some time to fix it. It\u8217\'92s not about the  fact that you want time to slow down, it\u8217\'92s about the fact that you want more time to solve a certain problem. So, if you want to test this skill, you have to get into a bit of risk.\u8221\'94 Daniel said: \u8220\'93Ok. Then I won\u8217\'92t test it any further while here. Instead, I\u8217\'92ll keep following the trail.\u8221\'94 He jumped across to the other building. This time he succeeded without much effort. He was looking for signs where Violet and #innkeep might have gone, or even just signs that they had been here. He found that the metal door leading to a staircase going down had it\u8217\'92s lock bashed in from the roof-side. This meant that someone tried to break into the staircase going down, while coming from the roof. Daniel followed this staircase down. He ended up in a small ally. There was  mostly trash bags laying there, without anything to merit going there. He looked down and saw that the staircase could be pushed down to ground level. He did so, and climbed down. A scruffy looking cat ran away, underneath a fence that looked like it was blocking off nothing. However, since the other end came out straight onto the straight, Daniel was pressed to figure out what was behind the fence. He didn\u8217\'92t really fear for much here, because it\u8217\'92s the Capital after all. Crime rates are low here. Illegal dumping of waste, such as in this ally, was pretty much as criminal as people got in the Capital. Daniel observed the fence. It looked quite sturdy, although it had seen better days. However, the lock seemed to be missing, so the gate could be opened without much effort. With a high-pitched noise, the gate opened, and revealed a overgrown garden. It looked like it hadn\u8217\'92t seen any love for at least five years. Yet, somehow, Daniel wasn\u8217\'92t convinced that he was alone here. He slowly entered the garden, taking care not to needlessly destroy anything there as he went along. He didn\u8217\'92t want to disturb the place. It was a narrow garden, barely wider than the ally. The shape was not rectangular, it widened out. It seemed that it just was the entire area between the buildings. Since the buildings weren\u8217\'92t built in a grid, the garden was strangely formed as well. Some of the plants looked older, placed in patterns that looked like they had, at one point, been placed there on purpose. There were small stone walls, which probably at one point had ornate flowers growing in the earth behind the stone walls. However, now these areas were covered in weed. The path in the garden got nicer at some point. It turned from sand to stone, and no plants had reclaimed this part of the path yet. There was moss growing on the stones, but that was the extent to which this part was overgrown. In this area, it looked like some of the plants were actually grown there by people. They were placed in nice lines of plants, and a suspicious number of them looked edible to Daniel. The path ended at a back door of a building. Daniel wasn\u8217\'92t sure what type of a building it was; it had a sunshade, and a terrace next to the entrance, but, other than that, it looked like a regular home.  There were spiderwebs behind the window of the door. It at least didn\u8217\'92t seem as though anyone really gave the building a lot of love. It was dirty, gritty, and looked like it might collapse without further warning. Daniel knocked on the door. He thought he heard some movement, but nobody seemed to be heading to the door to let him in. He tried the doorknob; the door was unlocked. He knocked another time, and went in. The air smelled as though the place hadn\u8217\'92t had fresh air move through it for some time. Other than that, it\u8217\'92s interior looked like a regular house, with a living room, kitchen, and a staircase going upstairs. Everything looked a bit crooked, and the place looked like it was already old by the time of the Event. So, it was ancient by now. Instead of stone, a lot of wood was used in this building. The roof was quite a bit higher than Daniel\u8217\'92s home, and was ornately decorated. Daniel decided to look upstairs first, to see if anyone else was there. He didn\u8217\'92t want to look through the place without knowing if the owner was home, or has been home recently. If the place still seemed owned, he wouldn\u8217\'92t want to take from it, otherwise he would take supplies here, maybe even staying here for a bit. Instead of finding a person, he found a cat that was eating from a bag of cat food. It was the same cat that had ran away when he entered the ally. He tried to approach the cat, and the cat walked towards him. It obviously wanted to be petted. Daniel petted the cat, scratching his ears, and belly. The cat seemed to really enjoy the attention it was receiving. After the cat had decided it was enough, the cat walked off and laid down in a corner of the room. Daniel decided to look around. It didn\u8217\'92t seem that there was anyone living here right now. The place was extremely dusty and dirty, but looked like it had been nice until the people living there had disappeared. There were no signs of struggle, no signs of damage, violence, or anything similar. At some point, it seemed, the owner or owners had just left. Daniel observed the bedroom. It had a two-person bed in it, but it looked like only one person was sleeping there; it had one pillow on the head end of the bed, in the middle. The blanket also would have been somewhat on the small end for two persons. Daniel decided to open a window for fresh air, and then look around more. He opened some closets, looking for things that might be interesting for him to look at. He really wondered who had been living here, and why they had just disappeared. The upper floor didn\u8217\'92t have that much interesting laying around, so Daniel went back downstairs. The cat followed him down. Daniel noticed there was a pile of mail laying on the doormat. Mostly it was newspapers. He decided to look on the bottom of the pile, to see on which date the place had gone empty. It was the exact date on which Violet had gone into hiding. Daniel wasn\u8217\'92t too surprised by this; there aren\u8217\'92t that many houses that are empty in the Capital, and most would be repurposed after they were found to be vacated. This house however, was such a strange house that it might be hard to find a new owner for it. It wasn\u8217\'92t small, but it was really strange in layout. The house was not rectangular in base. It was more of a triangle with a strange rounded corner. The building, both from the outside and the in side, looked a bit like it might have been haunted. Still though, it was cosy, in it\u8217\'92s own right. Daniel decided to turn on the radio, and listen to some music. He argued that he deserved a break. He would continue his detective work tomorrow. In the bag which he took from the hiding spot, he found the bottles of alcohol. They hadn\u8217\'92t been opened yet. Daniel decided that one drink had never hurt anyone. He woke up the next morning, laying on the ground, with an enormous headache. One of the two bottles was laying next to him on the ground, shattered, in a puddle of the liquid it was supposed to be holding. Daniel was happy that nobody he knew was there at that point; he was very much ashamed of himself. He drank some water, and looked for something to clean the glass with. His headache was killing him, so he was also looking to find some painkillers. He thought to himself: why did you have to do this to yourself? Then he noticed he was bleeding on his arm. He must have hurt himself with the glass shards. He decided to look at that first. He cleaned up the wounds on his arm. There were some small glass shards in his arms, but it didn\u8217\'92t look too serious. He cleaned them up, and used some of the \u8216\'91verband\u8217\'92 he found to fix himself up. After that, he cleaned up the mess he had made. He then ate some food to get his stomach to stop being upset, and sat down outside. He was still having a major headache, and therefor just took a rest for a couple of hours. After his headache subsided, he looked through the piles of paper that were laying around in the house. He wanted to see if there was somewhere he could look further. Some place he could look for further clues on where Violet and the Innkeeper had gone. He found a note, it said something about a spot near the ministry of education, journalism department. There would be a small bench there, and people would sit down there to transfer information. He wasn\u8217\'92t sure if there was anyone there who would be interesting to meet, but he didn\u8217\'92t see much harm in trying. So, he went on his way there. His body half protested the movement, but was also happy to get some fresh air. He found the bench without much effort. There weren\u8217\'92t many people nearby; the area was mostly populated by birds. The birds didn\u8217\'92t really seem to mind his presence, and walked down very close to him. Daniel closed his eyes and listened to the world around him. He could hear people walk by, he could hear the birds chirping. He could hear the noise of a cart being pulled over an uneven roadbed. Of people in the distance haggling about a price. In general, what he heard was life. Because, even with all the shit going on with the Outer Shards, it seemed that life was still continuing. There was obviously less of it than when he left, a few months ago, but the place was still living. It\u8217\'92s not that people died of hunger (yet), but more that people are a bit less lively. They, for the most part, feel a bit down about the fact that the life conditions have deteriorated quite substantially. Daniel let his thoughts slip, and almost didn\u8217\'92t notice that someone sat down next to him.  The mysterious person said \u8220\'93Hi\u8221\'94. Daniel said nothing back. The person continued: \u8220\'93What brings you here? You\u8217\'92re not one of the people who usually visits this place.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I was friends with people who referred me to this bench. I lost track of them a few months ago, and I guess they didn\u8217\'92t fare well since.\u8221\'94. The man replied: \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to have to be more specific.\u8221\'94. Daniel sighed. \u8220\'93I was in contact with Violet and #name. They went into hiding some time ago. After that, I lost track of where they were. They must have gone elsewhere at some point. I wondered if you knew where they had gone.\u8221\'94. The mysterious man said: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know where they are, but I might know who would know. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85.}}