{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Within every group, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s people who want a more extreme version of what the group wants. Daniel was never that person. However, now that he lost almost everything, he didn\u8217\'92t really feel like continuing the struggle like it was. He got a feeling that if he were to lose everything, he didn\u8217\'92t see why others could keep it. So, he was looking for a way to prevent the Capital from winning. The Capital had threatened with weapons that would be able to destroy shards whole. So far, only once has such a weapon been used. Daniel hoped he would be able to find a few of those somewhere in the Capital still. With his new-found skill, he might just be able to sneak in and force the bomb to explode inside the Capital. This would mean having to figure out where those bombs were actually produced and stored. Without that vital information, there would be no way to execute this plan. There were two weapons factory that Daniel knew about. One was on the East Docks shard. This shard had been named after the fact that it used to be part of a Docks region in the city from before the event that was used as the base of the Capital. The East Docks were a restricted area; only people with high clearance, and workers for that area were permitted onto it. It contained multiple big #loodsen which could easily be used to produce such weapons. It also had a big bridge connecting it to one of the airfields. The airfields were also still military-only. The idea had apparently been to also use the Gliders for non-military use, but, so far, only one non-military mission was flown with them. This had been a research mission, placing sensors near the centre of the energy storm that the Capital was hovering in. After that, with the rebellion and other conflicts, the Gliders had only been used military. Since weapons of mass destruction would either have to be transported by Glider, or have to be launched on a pad similar to a Glider\u8217\'92s launch pad, Daniel reasoned that the East Docks was the only logical location to build such weapons. It would also be far enough away from the important parts of the Capital that an explosion would not do major damage. \line So, if the weapon was indeed there, Daniel would, preferably, have to launch it towards the rest of the Capital. Alternatively, it would have to explode just as it crossed the bridge. Since the gravity forces there would be much lower, the explosion would spread much further, causing major damage to some of the more central shards as well. Daniel hoped this could damage the Capital in a very disruptive way. This, combined with the lack of logistic capabilities, would possibly damage the Capital beyond repair. What made this even more insane is that the West Docks, next to the East Docks shard, contained most of the food storage for the Capital. So, an explosion near there could set fire to the food storage in the Capital. \line Daniel arrived at the East Docks in the early afternoon. Indeed, there was a security gate. The fences around the place were quite tall. There was a proper security peremiter. Daniel would, normally, have no chance to enter here without a permit, or considerable force. He had neither. However, he hoped he could sneak into the place by strategically slowing down time to a halt. He could either add his own name to the list of expected guests, or just try to sneak past. He decided to just try his powers, focussing on wanting time to slow down. He didn\u8217\'92t really know how to do so, and then remembered that he just should want something to be possible. So, he tried being past the gate, near the entrance, on a bench. It took quite some focus, but, suddenly and to his own surprise, he was suddenly sitting on the bench. He was out of breath by it, possibly because he had to run so fast. Suddenly though, he was past the first security checkpoint. He hoped that after this, the security would be more lenient, presuming that if he was let in here, that he would be permitted to be here. He stood up, and walked towards the entrance to a building whose sign said \u8216\'91Main assembly hall\u8217\'92. Sounds good, Daniel thought. There was a main entrance, with to guards standing next to it. However, there was also a loading dock. It was closed, but the door was locked with a keypad. Six keys were discolored compared to the rest. Since they all had a similar discolouring, Daniel assumed that every digit would be in the code once. Normally, trying all the permutations of six different digits would take quite some time. Although knowing }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 which }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 six digits these are, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s still 720 different options to try. However, Daniel hoped his powers could be of help here. They weren\u8217\'92t. He couldn\u8217\'92t envision the final situation, so he couldn\u8217\'92t fasten the process. Still, 720 combinations only took him around ten minutes. After that, he was in. He was happy no alarm seemed to have been triggered by his multiple attempts. He was suddenly standing inside the main hall. It had quite a few people working there, with cranes overhead moving bigger parts of the things in there. There were a few missiles standing there, seemingly ready to be deployed. There weren\u8217\'92t any guards in this area. It must have been presumed that, if someone got in here, he or she is permitted to be in here. Daniel thought about the current situation for a moment. He realised there was very little chance of him being able to find something to sabotage of the rockets without alarming anyone, while people were working there. Therefore, he should find a spot to hide until the workers have mostly left. After that, he might be able to find something to cause the rockets to explode before they could be deployed. He found a small broom closet that didn\u8217\'92t look like it was used very often. He sat down in a corner, waiting for people to leave the place. It would still be a few hours before that would finally happen. If there wasn\u8217\'92t such a thing as night shifts here. Daniel sure hoped not, otherwise he would not be able to do this thing. After a very long wait, Daniel heard someone lock the doors. He assumed he would have the place to his own from now on. He was correct in this assumption; only he and the rockets were still there. What he first wanted to look at were the schematics. He would need to know mostly how the rocket knew when to explode. Manipulating this part would be a trivial way to get it to explode before that. He found some blueprints of the rockets in a small office connected to the main assembly hall. The rockets had two computers inside them. They would have to agree on a decision, otherwise the decision would not be made. This was to prevent early explosions due to technical problems in the computers. It was seen as better to not explode at all than to explode early. Daniel looked for the technical description of the computer systems. There should be some information about them specifically. He found a service manual for those machines. It said something about a test mode. In test mode, the computer would not verify that the other computer agreed, and just go to firing. This would mean only one computer would have to be sabotaged. For instance, changing the conditions in which it should explode could be enough. Daniel looked up the explosion conditions. It used a distance sensor on the nose of the rocket, and if the target was within five hundred meters, the rocket would explode. This, unless it hadn\u8217\'92t flied for more than a minute; in the first minute it would assume something had gone wrong instead of exploding. So, both these conditions would have to be circumvented. Although Daniel had no experience with computers, he did have some common sense. He knew that a rocket would need a way to keep track of a minute. Now, it wouldn\u8217\'92t need to be extremely precise; there was quite a margin between the minute passing and reaching the target. The idea was more that one minute would be enough to clear away from whatever launched the rocket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line So, to make the rocket explode early, it would have to be convinced that a minute had passed already since launch, and that it was near it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s destination. Actually, Daniel could see from the design, it could just be modified to *always* think it was at it\u8217\'92s destination. The programming, according to the document, didn\u8217\'92t care about continuously being at it\u8217\'92s destination, and would then just sit out the time, waiting for the right moment to blow up. So, all Daniel would really need to think about is how to trick it into thinking a minute had passed. Technology had evolved quite a bit, but not an extreme lot yet. Basically, the minute was timed by burning through a bit of wire. After it burned through, the circuit would no longer be complete, and the rocket would explode if it was near the target. Actually, there were four of such wires, and all four would need to be burned through. Daniel cut all four of them almost entirely through. It was good enough to make the rocket pass the self-test before launch, but not better than necessary to pass the test. This would mean the rocket would not fly for longer than a few seconds before exploding, short enough to still be on whatever location it would be at that point. The rockets seemed to be much too big to be hanged under a glider, so the rocket would have to be launched from a platform somewhere. Also, according to the design, the first stage of the rocket didn\u8217\'92t bring it\u8217\'92s own oxygen, so it would need to be launched from an oxiginated environment. Therefore, it would stand to reason that the rocket would probably be launched from the Capital. And, with all the safety measures in place, there would not really be a reason to presume it wouldn\u8217\'92t be safe to launch it from the Capital. Daniel decided to sabotage only one of the rockets, the rest he left like the regular design. He assumed there would be a checkup of whatever would be left of the rest of the rockets, so he didn\u8217\'92t want to sabotage them, at least not in the same way. He hoped the rest of the rockets would explode as well, through the fire caused by the first rocket, but he wasn\u8217\'92t sure about that. He didn\u8217\'92t understand the payload well enough to know if that would happen. It might need the trigger to explode at all, not even reacting when fire is present nearby. \line Daniel admired his work for a while, and then decided to leave. Before leaving though, he made two small lines on two of the drawings, hoping to cause some confusion to the people building the next rocket. If nothing else, it made him feel happy about it. \line After that, he looked for a spot to wait for the night to be over. He would not be permitted to leave the place yet; he would be in trouble if he tried to cross the gate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Four hours later, people started to flow into the place again. Daniel therefore thought it would be time for him to leave soon. He thought he should wait a bit longer, so more people had crossed the gate. Before that, it would be suspicious if he left, and, besides, they would have remembered who had entered that day. Before he could easily leave though, a cleaning person spotted him there. In a split second, he answered: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I dropped some coffee, and I was looking for a towel or something to remove the stain.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93The towels are laying in the bin over there\u8221\'94, she said, not entirely sure if he was speaking the truth. He took two, and went on his way. From here on, he did apply his skill to quickly get from one hidden place to the next. He didn\u8217\'92t want to get spotted again; not everyone would be as gullible as the cleaning lady. He found the lavatories, and hid in one of them. He reasoned that nobody would really notice that one of eight lavatories was out of use. The lavatories smelled of chloride, so it looked like the cleaning staff had already visited it. After a few minutes, he relaxed. He felt like he could stay there until he had found the right time to leave. \line After thinking about it for a while more, he came to the conclusion that he should probably leave  around the time when the first shift leaves. Two shifts were working in the factory, with the nightly block having nobody work there. He calculated that the shift would be over at around 15:00, three hours from now. He was properly bored, but couldn\u8217\'92t do much about it. In the end, he fell asleep.\line \line He had another strange dream. A voice was telling him : \u8220\'93What you just did will kill everyone in the Capital, as well as the Outer Shards. The cascade from the explosion, and retaliation will leave nobody alive.\u8221\'94. Daniel asked : \u8220\'93So, you want me to disable the bombs?\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93No point\u8221\'94, the voice said, with a stern #overtuiging. \u8220\'93You already set the chain in motion. What you can try to do is to get some people to be on the far-side of the furthest-away shards of the Capital. Those should stay safe from the blast, and they would survive the blast. The next launch will be in 30 hours, and they will bring three rockets to the launch platform. Two of the rockets will explode because of your manipulations, the third one will stay intact. The explosion will set most of the Capital on fire, besides instantly destroying a fair bit of it. These rockets were already strong as single units; designed to destroy a shard. Exploding two near eachother was never even considered when they were designed.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re asking me to look for some people, and tell them they should stand at that spot, otherwise they will blow up?\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Yes, that\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m saying. Maybe don\u8217\'92t tell them exactly that though. What I know is that everyone not outside the blast radius will die a horrible death.\u8221\'94. Daniel thought about this for a moment. He thought about who he would want to save. He thought about saving his girlfriend and son. It would save their lives, but it wouldn\u8217\'92t mean much at all. He thought about saving the mysterious man near the bench. He didn\u8217\'92t know, nor trust the guy. He thought about going to the strange house near the Inn, and to see if there were still people there. He didn\u8217\'92t go back there, because he didn\u8217\'92t want to risk him being followed, and therefore causing them trouble. But, he guessed, if they were following him, they would have stopped him before entering the base. Therefore, they probably weren\u8217\'92t following him. Or, if they were, they were doing so terribly. Daniel thought it might have been that his special powers caused them to lose his trail. If that was indeed the case, he should take some effort to stay somewhat hidden. \line He woke up, and felt like some time had passed. A few minutes later, he heard someone say: shift is over, can\u8217\'92t wait to go home. So, Daniel left the toilet, and blended into the big mess of people walking there. He thought he would blend into the group, causing nobody to notice he hadn\u8217\'92t worked there before. One person tried to start a conversation: \u8220\'93So, what are you going to do, now that you\u8217\'92re done with work for today?\u8221\'94. Daniel was surprised, but answered regardless: \u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m gonna visit an old friend. We haven\u8217\'92t spoken in a while.\u8221\'94. This was technically almost the truth. It just hinged on the word friend being rather loosely defined. However, since all Daniel\u8217\'92s friends were out of reach, he might as well consider the few people that were still in the Capital and didn\u8217\'92t provably hate him his friends. Daniel continued: \u8220\'93What about you?\u8221\'94. The guy said: \u8220\'93Oh, you know, just gonna listen to some radio, take a smoke and some wisky.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Mmmm, whisky\u8221\'94, Daniel replied. He felt himself get thirsty for it. He nodded to the guy and they passed through the gate. No questions were asked to the people that left. It wouldn\u8217\'92t make much sense if they were, since they had all entered the area legitimately. Still, it made leaving nice and easy for Daniel. \line Daniel walked towards the shard with the Inn. He paid attention to the orientations of shards. This shard would be one of the shards where some areas would survive. They were outside the direct blast radius, and the backside would not be hit by the heat wave either. From what he could see, the inn would be survivable, but most of the regular houses wouldn\u8217\'92t be. A lot of them were straight in the line of the heatwave. The backside of the shard had a park, and some other buildings. It wasn\u8217\'92t as densely built on, because this is quite a remote shard, and therefore some space was kept empty for people to enjoy some free space. The Capital wanted to provide everyone with enough space to also live, but, of course, space was still at a premium here, especially in the more central regions of the Capital. To prevent having to deal with the tiny housing in the center of the Capital, Daniel and his girlfriend had moved a bit out of the central set of Shards. It was a somewhat more shabby neighbourhood, but it meant, at the very least, that they were able to afford a decent amount of space for a decent price. And besides, the area they lived in wasn\u8217\'92t too terrible. It had nice children\u8217\'92s playgrounds, lots of families with children, and only a few criminal scum. They had been quite happy with the amount of space they had gotten there, and were trying to make the most of it. Still, the shard with the Inn on it trumped most other shards when it came to space. The shard had been added with the intent of filling in the green area, but when it was added, the Council noticed the green area was really enjoyed by the population of the Capital, and therefore they decided not to fill it in. They had planned to build a new highrise building there, the first one to be built for residential use since the Event. All the other high rises in the Capital had been retrofits of existing buildings. So that was the reason that this specific shard did not have that much on it. It was remote, and it wasn\u8217\'92t fully developed to what it was intended to be developed as. To some extent the project had been a flop. It barely gained back the cost of building a bridge to it. It had some housing capacity, sure, but it didn\u8217\'92t bring much to the Capital besides that. The Inn was just about the only thing of interest on that shard, and that inn wasn\u8217\'92t the most luxerious; It was actually notorious for being a place of trouble. However, the locals of this shard liked it that way. They didn\u8217\'92t like the clean types of entertainment that were preferred for most of the rest of the Capital. They liked drinking booze of questionable quality, and, after being properly drunk, to give in to their anger, and go for a nice and proper bar fight. This is why most of the interior of this bar looked like it had been repaired hastily after having been smashed; most of the interior had indeed been smashed.\line Daniel arrived on said shard, and looked for the building with the #color door. He found it after not much effort, and knocked. The same lady as before opened the door. Daniel said \u8220\'93Hi, I have something important to tell you.\u8221\'94. She looked surprised, not really remembering who he was. He said: \u8220\'93Oh, right. I\u8217\'92m Daniel, I\u8217\'92ve been here once before, I was working together with Violet and the others. I\u8217\'92ve lost touch with them, and hoped you could help.\u8221\'94. She said: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t remember you. I don\u8217\'92t know what you are talking about.\u8221\'94. Behind her was a little girl. The girl had also been there last time, but Daniel hadn\u8217\'92t paid much attention to her. Last time, she didn\u8217\'92t say much, or otherwise do anything to grab attention.  The girl said: \u8220\'93Hey, Daniel, have you seen Violet? I haven\u8217\'92t seen her for a while.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93No, I haven\u8217\'92t. I lost contact with her, and with her friends. Do you know where her friends would be?\u8221\'94. The girl looked at the staircase, and was about to say something, when the woman said: \u8220\'93No, stay silent, this man isn\u8217\'92t a nice man.\u8221\'94. The girl said: \u8220\'93But, last time he was friendly. He looks like he could help.\u8221\'94. The woman said: \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re saying much too much.\u8221\'94. She switched her attention to Daniel: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what you think you are to find here, but there\u8217\'92s nothing here that could be of use to you.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Okay. Just one thing, please take care that you are on the park-side of this shard in the afternoon in two days. I can\u8217\'92t explain why, but please just do.\u8221\'94. The girl asked: \u8220\'93Will there be a picknick?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Something like that. It\u8217\'92s very important that you do that. Can you please also invite Violet\u8217\'92s friends? Don\u8217\'92t tell anyone else though, it has to stay a secret. If you tell anyone, and they tell some people, and that continues, then everyone will be at the park. And that would not fit in the park, would it? \u8221\'94. The woman said: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand what you\u8217\'92re talking about, but you seem sincere. Why is this so important?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93It will be clear at some point. Before that point arises, I can\u8217\'92t explain it better than I have. It\u8217\'92s extremely important. Also, if you somehow do visit them, even though you don\u8217\'92t know them, could you please tell them that Daniel is looking for them, and will be at the benches on the other side of this shard tomorrow at midday.\u8221\'94. She nodded.\line \line The next day at midday, Daniel was already sitting on one of the benches. It wasn\u8217\'92t a busy day; the park was mostly devoid of people. This park was mostly crowded in weekends, not really on weekdays. The people in this region had to work full workdays, which, in the Capital, meant five days of nine hours - nine times five. Thus, not many people would have time in the middle of the day to go to a park. One person showed up. Daniel recognised him immediately, #name had a particular way of walking. Something about the way he walked just always seemed to be a tad strange, without it being really clear what it was that was strange. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I suppose you want to know what\u8217\'92s going on, and why I asked for such a strange thing.\u8221\'94. #name said: \u8220\'93Something big is going to happen tomorrow, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Yes, something enormous. Something that will tip over the Capital, resetting the power structure in this region for good.\u8221\'94. #name replied: \u8220\'93And a lot of people will suffer or die because of it. Will it be worth it?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I sure hope so, it\u8217\'92s the final move in the conflict that has been going on for months.\u8221\'94. #name looked in the distance. He didn\u8217\'92t seem convinced by Daniels words. He tried again: \u8220\'93Did you weigh the damage you\u8217\'92re doing against the goals you\u8217\'92re achieving? It seems the price will be rather high, what do you hope to get in return?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93A chance to do right this time, a new start. It will give people the chance to think about what they want. With the right steering, we can build a beautiful world, one where the power structure is more flat.\u8221\'94. #name sighed, and answered: \u8220\'93But what makes you believe that it will turn out better this time? Is it the fact that you are the one starting it? Or is there actually something that makes it different this time? I hope you have thought this trough, because we\u8217\'92re gonna go through hell soon.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I thought about it a lot, but you\u8217\'92re right, it will not be comfortable.\u8221\'94. #name said: \u8220\'93Ah well, nothing to be done about it. Should I warn the others that they should group themselves here as well?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Yes, but do it in such a way that the message doesn\u8217\'92t spread too much. Or, if you\u8217\'92re going to spread it, do it so late in the timeline that the leaders of the Capital don\u8217\'92t have time to leave. Otherwise it will achieve the opposite, only hurting the lower classes in the Capital, and not the main leaders.\u8221\'94. #name said: \u8220\'93That makes sense. You wouldn\u8217\'92t want to hurt those who were only serving to begin with. I\u8217\'92ll tell the others, and tell them to not tell their family what\u8217\'92s going on, just that they are going on a pick nick in the park. They should be able to convince them without much effort. Do we have to discuss more? I still have lots of things to do for tomorrow.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Not really, besides that we should try to get some stuff hidden away here, so we have some materials in store here. I can arrange preliminary amounts of food, water and some weapons even. That should be enough to last us through the first few days, but I don\u8217\'92t know what the food state will be beyond tomorrow.\u8221\'94.\line \line The rest of the day, Daniel was collecting the items he thought would be useful for past the explosions. He arranged quite some food, as well as a decent supply of water. He stole some weapons from an army depot. It was supposed to be locked, but he was able to sneak by when someone entered. He waited for the night to set in a bit, and looked for a spot to hide the stuff in the park when the night had fallen. He found a nice spot hidden under a strangely located rock. Little by little, he moved the items there, thus ensuring some stuff would be immediately available after the explosions. He then just looked for a spot somewhere to lay down and relax. He found a nice grassy patch in the park, and looked up at the sky. The sky was cloudy and black, but it didn\u8217\'92t look like it would rain. The sky was always cloudy and black, but rain looked different here. Daniel closed his eyes, and fell asleep.\line \line He dreamt again, this time he only dreamt of darkness. There was nothing there, only darkness. Then, suddenly, the darkness was on fire. There wasn\u8217\'92t just fire in the darkness, everything was darkness, and that everything was on fire. There aren\u8217\'92t really words to describe the situation, but to Daniel this was the truth within this dream. Then, suddenly, he was standing on a bridge. The darkness had shifted colors, now it was of gray-ish tint, with concentric circular patterns of light in it. It looked like it was full of some strange sort of energy. If he didn\u8217\'92t know better, he would have said it looked magical. One of the colored vortices was almost on the ground. Interesting, Daniel thought, the ground didn\u8217\'92t exist a while ago. Now it was a rocky ground, like some of the uninhabited shards. The ground was sharp and uneven, but otherwise not that horrible to stand on. It had a strange silvery color, but wasn\u8217\'92t really glinstering; it was quite faded. \line Daniel walked towards the circle that was near ground level. He hesitated for a bit, and then touched it carefully with his hand. His hand felt full of a sort of warmth he had never felt before. It radiated through his body. In a way, it felt like he was burning, but he didn\u8217\'92t feel like he was burning. Instead, he was just feeling charged up with some strange kind of energy. He moved his hand out of it, and saw it was giving off a strange kind of light. Still unsure what was going on, he tried to shake it off, but the light stayed there. Daniel thought: fuck it, it\u8217\'92s only a dream, what\u8217\'92s the worst that could happen, and stepped through. Before he could see where he would end up though, he woke up.\line \line Daniel must have slept quite long, because it was already quite light when he stood up. He at least had a nice long rest before the terror would start, so that was something.\line He figured he still had a few hours before the explosion would occur. After eating breakfast, he suddenly felt his thoughts move towards his ex-girlfriend and son. Could he really just let them die in the explosion? He didn\u8217\'92t think he could live with that. He decided to throw caution in the wind, and warn them. He ran as fast as he could towards their appartment. He rang the doorbell, not wanting to just break into his old home. He didn\u8217\'92t know if they would have changed the keys, but didn\u8217\'92t think it would be nice to do so. A man unknown to him opened the door. \u8220\'93Hi\u8221\'94, Daniel said, awkwardly. \u8220\'93Hi\u8221\'94, the man said, in a low, dismissive tone. Daniel didn\u8217\'92t feel welcomed. He wasn\u8217\'92t. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your business here\u8221\'94, the man growled. Daniel replied: \u8220\'93I would like to speak with #girlfriend, if you don\u8217\'92t mind.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93And what if I do mind\u8221\'94, the man asked. Daniel sighed, and said: \u8220\'93Look, I have something important to tell her.\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93You can tell me what it\u8217\'92s about, then I can ask her if she wants to talk to you.\u8221\'94. Daniel replied: \u8220\'93Tell her Daniel is here, and wants to talk with her about something very important. Look, I know how this looks, but do you relaly think I would not be here if it wasn\u8217\'92t important? I know, she\u8217\'92s yours, my chance has passed. It\u8217\'92s just I have to relay a message to her. After that, I\u8217\'92m gone here again.\u8221\'94. The man shouted into the home: \u8220\'93Honey, there\u8217\'92s a strange man here. He calls himself Daniel, and says it\u8217\'92s important.\u8221\'94. She looked through the door opening, and said: \u8220\'93You have some guts, coming back here after all that you\u8217\'92ve done. You know through how much hell I had to go, because you decided to be a terrorist? They were after everything, our home, our livelyhood, our status. You nearly destroyed my entire life. Is this what you wanted to do for your child? Is this your idea of being a good parent? You could have had it all, but you threw it out. I never wanted to see you again, why are you even here? \u8220\'93. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I understand, I fucked it up. I can tell you the story, but it would not matter, because the result is still the same, I choose for the rebels, or terrorists as you call them, instead of you. I\u8217\'92m sorry for that.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re sorry? Really? That\u8217\'92s what you\u8217\'92re going for? What do you expect now? A trophy? An \u8216\'91it\u8217\'92s OK\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94, she was furious, although she was still seemingly calm. He said: \u8220\'93No. I just wanted to say something, because I thought it was important.\u8221\'94. She said: \u8220\'93Well, say it. I don\u8217\'92t particularly care about speaking with you, and have better things to do.\u8221\'94. He said: \u8220\'93Something is about to happen, and you may want to be on one of the far-outer shards of the Capital. If so, try to be on the side facing away from the centre.\u8221\'94. She said: \u8220\'93And we\u8217\'92re supposed to do that, just from your word? The word of a terrorist? What\u8217\'92s going to happen? Why are you telling us this?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t tell you why I know this. I just know it. I shouldn\u8217\'92t have told you this to begin with, but I thought I would warn you. Now I\u8217\'92m not sure if I should have ever come here.\u8221\'94. She answered: \u8220\'93Finally something we can agree on. Anyway, we don\u8217\'92t need your advice or your help. We\u8217\'92re perfectly fine here. We won\u8217\'92t be listening to you and your terrorist friends. Please, leave.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Ok, I just needed to try.\u8221\'94. She asked: \u8220\'93Is that for us, or for your own conscience?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I thought it was for you, but I see that it may have been a mistake to come here.\u8221\'94. She nodded. \line Daniel returned to the park; #name, #woman and #girl showed up a bit later, with five people of entourage. Just as they had all settled down a bit, they heard a loud bang in the background. The shard trembled. They could see buildings arround them shake of the force of the blow. Then they heard and felt it there as well. The blast was incredibly loud, almost shattering the eardrums of the people in the park. When they looked around after it, they saw that quite a few buildings around had collapsed. One of them had caught fire. Then, when the wave settled down, they heard the people. There were faint noises of pain coming from quite a few directions. Daniel signalled to wait for a little bit. He was right; suddenly, there was a second loud bang. It wasn\u8217\'92t as loud as the previous one; it sounded less controlled. The wave was less strong, but it was still the second one. Everything had already had a hit, so a lot of buildings  and other structures were already damaged. Therefore, this softer blow was perceived as doing a lot more damage. After it went over, the number of voices of pain had lowered significantly. They waited for one more minute, after which they decided that it was probably safe to look for people to help. Daniel walked towards a residential building, because he heard a scream coming out of it. It sounded like the person still had some strength left, so he thought he might stand a chance. When he arrived at the building, he saw that it had partly collapsed. The person was stuck in the middle of the rubble.Daniel looked up before entering the building. It looked like it could collapse at any moment. Still, he felt like he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 had}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  step in and help. This was on his hands. So, he walked in there. He saw someone laying on the ground, with a leg trapped underneath a big metal cabinet. Daniel tried putting his weight under it, but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t immediately achieve success. He therefore looked around for something he could use as a lever. By using a metal beam he found, he tried lifting the cabinet. This time he was succesful. The man whose leg was stuck under there let out a scream, but then managed to move his leg out of there. The leg looked really bad, it was in a very unnatural corner; it had obviously been broken. After seeing the leg had cleared the cabinet\u8217\'92s area, Daniel slowly let the cabinet drop back to it\u8217\'92s spot on the ground. Then, he went to help the man. He supported him on the side with the broken leg, and helped him get out of the building. Just mere minutes later, the building collapsed under it\u8217\'92s own weight. Daniel didn\u8217\'92t feel much need to feel joyful; for a lot of people, this wouldn\u8217\'92t happen this luckily. This was his fault. Also, now there was the situation where someone with a broken leg that needed help would need to find help somewhere. They might be able to at least support it a bit, provided they find the correct materials. Daniel sweared at himself for not thinking to take medical stuff. He was very much annoyed at himself for not thinking to arrange that. He could have known they would run into situations where people would be hurt.The others also managed to pick up two more wounded people. After that, it was silent. Daniel assumed this was largely because most people had been at work, so the actual number of people here would be relatively low. After they regrouped, Daniel took the word. \u8220\'93As you noticed, there have been some explosions, which did extensive damage to this area. It wasn\u8217\'92t just here, most of the Capital suffered from this. This is actually one of the spots with lower damage, the centre has it much worse. You may wonder what could have caused this. In the conflict with the Outer Shards, the Capital was deploying massive bombs, which were supposed to launch from a platform within the Capital. These explosions were intended for the Outer Shards. Intervention by me caused them to explode here instead. So, I\u8217\'92m responsible for this chaos. However, I thought this would be better than having the Outer Shards get blown up. I felt like the Capital was more to blame for it than the Outer Shards, and that these weapons were not fair towards the Outer Shards. I wanted to level the playing field. Mind you, two of these rockets were already deployed against the Outer Shards.\u8221\'94. One of the new persons said : \u8220\'93Excuse me, but who are you? You\u8217\'92re telling me you killed thousands of people, but that\u8217\'92s OK, because of strange reasons? Why, if you had access to the bombs, didn\u8217\'92t you just make them not fire? Or why didn\u8217\'92t you make them loose their navigational trajectory?\u8221\'94. Daniel: \u8220\'93You weren\u8217\'92t there, a month ago, when the first of these missiles hit the main city of the Outer Shards. Men, woman, children, all dieing in one load of smoke. I lost two dear friends in that explosion. When I saw they were making more of those bombs, I felt like they had to be stopped.\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93You could have told us though? You could have explained the violence that had happened there. You could have explained what you were fighting for and why.\u8221\'94. Daniel: \u8220\'93There was no proof. I had absolutely no proof, not even of the weapons existence. Nobody would have believed me. My options were: letting the Capital murder all of my friends, or doing something like this. I felt like this was the fairer option.\u8221\'94. The man screamed out: \u8220\'93You killed my wife and my children. You\u8217\'92re a monster to even think like this. Why are you OK with yourself with doing this?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. Perhaps it\u8217\'92s the fact that the conflict didn\u8217\'92t catch up with me yet. Perhaps I\u8217\'92m desensitised to the violence that\u8217\'92s going on.\u8221\'94. The man sighed. He looked defeated, and said softly: \u8220\'93Ah well, we\u8217\'92ll have to deal with the results of it now. I just hope it will turn out to be worth it.\u8221\'94. Daniel said nothing in return.}}