{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever Daniel had expected to get in return for the bombs that exploded, the initial result wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t what he had hoped. It was mostly people scraping by for survival. The initial few days had been all about trying to find people that were still alive, and finding more resources for immediate survival. After that, there was a little stockpile of food, and some basic necessities, such as some bandages, basic medicines, etc. It would be enough for a couple of weeks, given the current population. This meant that, quite soon, farming would have to start. Since some potatoes were found, they were put into the ground almost immediately. The park was turned into farming land, bit by bit. With a current population of around thirty-five, the park would, if producing at full capacity, be just about enough for the food for everyone. However, it would not be possible to start up full-scale production directly. There weren\u8217\'92t enough potatoes around to put into the ground. It was decided not to waste any of them by eating them, arguing that they would be more useful if multiplied. If hunger was going to happen, might as well have it happen earlier in the cycle, such was the idea. Also, they were thinking that new food might still be found in the early times after the explosion. Besides farming, half of the remaining population was put on scavenging, with the rest put on repairs. The idea was to have at least some nice housing done. It was the warmer period of the year. The cold-period would not be extremely cold, but having somewhat insulated homes would go a long way towards preventing people from getting sick. It would also mean people would have to eat less, since they could keep themselves warm.\line The scavenging groups were doing a great job. Their basic task was to go through houses and find food and other useful items. They were also tasked with trying to find other people that survived. Mostly though, they came across dead people. The shard still had one connecting bridge still standing, which connected it to another Shard. That shard was in an a lot less great shape. Most buildings had collapsed, the debris blocking some of the roads on there. For the first few days, there had still been fires there, but they had run out of things to burn, so now they went cold. Slowly, but certainly, the survivors were expanding their territory. They were hoping to find canned food, or other food that could have survived the fires. It turned out that tin cans in cellars were actually quite often still okay, to the surprise of many. Fires apparently didn\u8217\'92t really go down into the cellar that often, flames mostly go up.\line Over the next few weeks, scavenging results were dropping day-by-day. The teams needed to head out further and further away, because the parts nearby had already been scavenged. This meant the territory got more inhospitable, as well as the walk itself becoming longer and longer. And, since the path wasn\u8217\'92t easy to clear, most of it was kept in a state full of random stuff.\line \line When the winter came, they had enough food. It was cold, dreadful, and generally not a nice period, but they were able to get through it. The new reality became increasingly livable. Plus, with this small group, decisions were actually made by involving everyone. There were no secrets, not anymore. Everyone was involved with everything, had a say in everything, and was happy like this. As the food supplies increased, so did everyone\u8217\'92s happiness. The old adage that food is the first important thing to give people still holds, especially after a major disaster. Daniel sat down on one of the benches, and relaxed. He felt like things were moving forward. The price had been terribly high, but it looked like, now at least, there was improvement. There was no inequality anymore; everyone just worked to their best ability, and took what they needed. Greed seemed to have made way for kindness and a mentality of sharing. Daniel wondered though if there had been other groups of people that had survived the explosion, and how they would be doing. He hoped the same thing that had happened here happened in other places as well. \line A few weeks later, they figured out that it hadn\u8217\'92t. During one of their scavenging trips, they saw a small group of people in the distance. They proceeded with caution, seeing that they were armed. Staying hidden, Daniel and the rest of this group had a view over the situation. Three guys armed with crowbars walked towards a person who was partially hidden. The person screamed, as she was pushed on the ground. They said something to her. When she said no, they bashed her head in with the crowbar. Daniel and the others decided they had seen enough, and slowly retreated. They would have to decide together with the rest how to deal with this situation. They hadn\u8217\'92t really considered what to do if they met people who didn\u8217\'92t hold the same values as themselves. Daniel guessed though that the only options would then be to either ignore them, or actively fight them. He hoped his group was the only group that had found weapons so far, but wasn\u8217\'92t sure. Most of the weapons were stored in facilities quite near the site of the explosion, so they were cut off from the rest of the Capital now; the bridges connecting that area had all been destroyed. It would only take one fool with a gun to kill one of the thirty-five people here. They hadn\u8217\'92t had to bury anyone since the event, and weren\u8217\'92t planning to have to do so any time soon. A military conflict was therefore not something they could really afford to do. Life simply was too valuable now, especially the lives of the people where; the ones believing in progress. \line When they returned, a meeting was scheduled for that evening. Everyone was to be present, because this was information that was important for everyone. That evening, everyone was waiting to figure out what they had been summoned for. They had decided to wait with the message until the meeting, so everyone would know at the same time. Well, the people on the mission would know before that, of course, but there was no way to stop that. Daniel took the word: \u8220\'93Hi all, you may wonder why this meeting was summoned. As you may know, we were on a mission to scavenge for food. However, we ran into other survivors. After looking at what they were doing, we saw that they had not chosen the same path that we had, instead choosing for violence and individualism. We witnessed someone get brutally murdered, because she wouldn\u8217\'92t give them what they asked for. So, we either have to fight there, or can\u8217\'92t really progress in that direction. I would like to hear your opinions on this. I wouldn\u8217\'92t make a decision on it tonight though, because this is too important to come to a rushed conclusion.\u8221\'94. #Hank, one of the other survivors was looking thoughtfully. He had been an engineer before the explosion. He was working on fixing the plumbing of a house when the explosion happened. It had caused the building to come down, trapping one of his legs underneath the rubble. He had survived, but the leg broke, and during the healing it had become a few centimetres longer than the other leg. This gave him a bit of a limb. Other than that, he was physically perfectly in order. He was a thoughtful person, always trying to figure out what option would be the best for everyone. He scratched his voice, and said: \u8220\'93We should consider the people living in that world. I would guess that a lot of them don\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to live like that. They would much rather live in a society that supports them. So, for as far as we can, we should try to support some of them.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94. Julia, a former \u8230\'85, answered: \u8220\'93But, we have to consider the risks we\u8217\'92re taking. By allowing them to know we exist we start to be under permanent threat. If they use that kind of violence, we could take serious damage here. The question is: how much risk are we willing to take to help others?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Indeed. It\u8217\'92s our safety against their safety, or even their life. Quite a few people there may not be wanting the situation there. Is it fair to keep them in the current situation, just so we can stay a bit safer? We have plenty of food and other things.\u8221\'94. #Hank replied: \u8220\'93The question is: do we think that\u8217\'92s important enough to risk our own safety. I suggest we vote on that.\u8221\'94. Everyone agreed to this notion.\line The next day, they held a vote. It was almost entirely in the middle, but, a majority decided in the end on helping the people outside the group. After this vote, some voices were raised to start putting people as look-outs through the night. This would mean that they would be able to defend their territory at least a bit. \line  \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 They find some people, and add them to the group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line Daniel woke up to a smell of fire. He stretched his muscles, and walked outside, looking where the smell was coming from. It was the farm, and it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just a small fire either. There were flames everywhere on the farm, meters high, engulfing the entire harvest. More people were streaming onto the area next to the farm, all looking in horror at the burning farmland. The fire engulfed had already destroyed all the food. Since the areas around it were concrete, there was no point in trying to take out the fire; it would only lead to a bigger mess, and a loss of water. Therefore, they just did nothing, staring at the fire. It was obvious to everyone that this wasn\u8217\'92t an accident. Plants simply don\u8217\'92t burn this heavily. Someone purposely set this all on fire. Someone did not want them to have food, to thrive, or even to survive. Someone just tore their future apart. They just stood there, in horror, and disbelief, as the fire ate their food in minutes; the food that was supposed to last them for months. \line After the fire had stopped burning, and the ground had cooled down a bit, they started to look for food that had survived, as well as clues to what could have happened. They knew almost certainly that it was arson, but who had done it was still a mystery. There was a conflict starting to grow within the group; some of the original members felt like the people they took in from elsewhere could have been responsible for the fire. Still though, this didn\u8217\'92t really make sense to Daniel, as these people would be just as dependant on this food as they would have been. After looking at the farm a bit, they realised they hadn\u8217\'92t seen the nightly watch keepers yet, and might want to speak to them. The switch of guard duties would be in an hour or so, which would be a natural moment to start asking questions. #Hank asked the people present who they thought should speak with the night\u8217\'92s guard. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I think I should go.\u8221\'94. Two more people joined him, both wearing weapons. They walked towards the bridge, where they saw that the two people that had been guarding it were no longer at their posts. They found them bound to the pillars of the bridge, unconscious. This gave them some idea of what had happened. There were some signs of a struggle, and their weapons were absent. \line \line Since the farm had gone, the survivors had no choice but to push further into the city, looking for food to scavenge. They tried their best to prevent getting into conflicts with other groups, but in some cases they couldn\u8217\'92t help it. This meant that, sometimes, people got hurt. Not just their enemies would get hurt, within two months, the number of survivors had dropped from fourty (thirty-five plus five more) to thirtytwo. It became increasingly obvious that the situation would not be sustainable. There was an attempt at restarting the farm, but it was going quite slow. There just weren\u8217\'92t that many potatoes and other crops to start the farm with, so the harvests were rather low. Besides this, it was still winter season, so the cold didn\u8217\'92t help them either. It became increasingly clear that the choice would end up being between survival and war. And nobody here wanted to make that choice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line Daniel had another strange dream. This time, there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just a voice; there was also a body that went with it. It looked human, but illuminated. The character said: \u8220\'93Hi Daniel, nice to see you again, although I wish it would have been under better circumstances.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93You were right, I\u8217\'92m sorry about it.\u8221\'94. The character said: \u8220\'93You weren\u8217\'92t wrong, you were just too optimistic about people. You can hardly be blamed for that.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92ve doomed them all, nobody will survive.\u8221\'94. The character changed shape a bit, and somehow looked quite a bit more friendly. It said: \u8220\'93Yes, and no. There is still an option. Whether you want to choose it or not is up to you.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93What options could possibly be left? We have two options: either to die of starvation, or to die fighting each other.\u8221\'94. The voice said: \u8220\'93There is always a third option.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93What other option is there, besides suicide?\u8221\'94. The character said: \u8220\'93Well, calling it suicide would be calling it the end. However, what if it wasn\u8217\'92t the end?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re supposed to have us drink poison and believe in a life after death?\u8221\'94. The voice said: \u8220\'93Well, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 You }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 are two separate things: matter and information. Your matter, as you can see, is in quite a bit of trouble. However, if you do it in the correct way, you can separate your matter from your information; your }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Idea.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I sort of can see what you were saying, but I don\u8217\'92t see how this is relevant.\u8221\'94. The character said: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m an #}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Avatar}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , one of eleven of those. We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re responsible for looking after }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Information}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , to try and ensure that no good things get lost to the ages. I came into this world through an information hole that was torn by a scientist. This caused the Event. In a sense, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m responsible for a lot that happened over the last period of time. However, I couldn\u8217\'92t just allow you all to be moved elsewhere. This is your world, this is where you belong. You shouldn\u8217\'92t just be saved, just because you made things get tough. That\u8217\'92s part of who and what you are. Also, the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Information }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 persists after death, through the next generations. People turn into stories, myths, besides obviously also being part of the next generation in }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Idea}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . I mean, they get children. Now however, it looks like you all may die, without your information being able to move on. This is grounds for me to be permitted to step in.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94. Daniel thought very hard about this. Metaphysics wasn\u8217\'92t really his area of expertise, so he needed some time to process it all. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I would like to think about this first. I think we still have about a month to decide about this, right?\u8221\'94. The Avatar said: \u8220\'93At most, from what I can see. You can think about it, but I wouldn\u8217\'92t take more than a day or two. There is no reason to assume that last night was the last attack on you. Your location is known, and it\u8217\'92s known that you have things worth stealing. So, your enemies will keep coming.\u8221\'94. Daniel asked: \u8220\'93What would happen if we said yes?\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93You would have to go to a certain location, and, at a specific moment, have your }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Information}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  disconnect from your }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Energy.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Daniel clarified: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you want us to go somewhere and commit suicide?\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Bluntly put, basically, yes.\u8221\'94, the Avatar replied. He waited for a moment, and continued: \u8220\'93I get that this is quite a lot to go through all of a sudden. You probably want to think about it, and also about how you want to convey this message to your friends, if you decide to go through with this.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I would want them to know the entire story, so they can decide on it themselves. I also want to only do it if everyone agrees; I think we should stay together until the end.\u8221\'94. The Avatar looked a him, somehow looking as though he was quite proud of Daniel. He said: \u8220\'93That would be a very honorable thing to do. It might not result in the best possible outcome, but it does sound fair, in some way at least.\u8221\'94. Daniel thought about it for a moment and said: \u8220\'93I get that it might result in us all being worse off, but this is a risk we\u8217\'92re taking. You may not be telling the truth at all, and then we would have all committed suicide based on a strange voice from a dream. Now, you could cynically say that it would then have just shortened our suffering by a month or two, but still. This is our lives we\u8217\'92re talking about, and just giving it all up. It means giving up on the world.\u8221\'94.  The Avatar replied: \u8220\'93Sure, just don\u8217\'92t wait too long. I\u8217\'92ll speak to you soon.\u8221\'94. Daniel woke up.\line \line Over the next few days, the #ernst of the situation became clear. There was no food, and the scavenging runs didn\u8217\'92t supply much at all. Hunger was starting to creep in. It started to become increasingly visible in everyones faces. It wasn\u8217\'92t that they had started to really suffer the physical consequences yet, but the mental consequences started to increase by the day. Two days after the strange dream, Daniel suggested to hold a meeting to talk about the future. He said he didn\u8217\'92t want to just go out like this, and wanted to talk to consider their options. The others agreed, although they didn\u8217\'92t really see what options he could possibly be talking about. \line The meeting was held the same evening. Daniel took the word, because he set the meeting. He had no interest in becoming the one responsible for organising everything, but it looked like it was up to him. He also didn\u8217\'92t know if anyone else had had similar dreams, or if he was the only one with such weird dreams. He said: \u8220\'93So, as you may be noticing, the world has gone to shit. We don\u8217\'92t really have a means of survival right now. Our food production is way below what\u8217\'92s needed to sustain forty people, and there\u8217\'92s no real outlook on it improving, at least not with our current strategy. So, we may need a different plan.\u8221\'94 . One of the people in the back replied: \u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t we start by kicking out the new people? They aren\u8217\'92t really one of us, and their }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 friends }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 destroyed our farm. We let them into our homes, and that risk cost us everything.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94. There was cheering from the room. A majority of the people there seemed to support this opinion. Daniel saw that ten eyes were gazing at him, wondering what his reaction would be. Daniel sighed. He hadn\u8217\'92t anticipated it would go like this, and didn\u8217\'92t know how to deal with this. He didn\u8217\'92t want to hurt those people, but he also didn\u8217\'92t want to destroy the political structure that this entire place was built on. Trying to overrule what the majority wanted would, to him, feel like admitting his entire vision of the world had failed. He just couldn\u8217\'92t accept that. So, he tried convincing the people there: \u8220\'93Are we just going to kick them out, because they weren\u8217\'92t as lucky as we were, finding ourselves with like-minded people? We had it all much better than they. We started with farming ground, relatively few wounded people, and we were sort of prepared. They weren\u8217\'92t. They were placed in an environment that didn\u8217\'92t permit them to be as nice as we were. Can we therefore punish them for what the people did that were from the same place? Most people there are #aards enemies. It\u8217\'92s a war of all against all there, so you can\u8217\'92t really call it one big group.\u8221\'94. Daniel\u8217\'92s words didn\u8217\'92t seem to have an impact. The guy from the back raised his voice: \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re missing the point though, with all your smart words. We were nice, because we had plenty of food, yes. Now we don\u8217\'92t. Why should we stay nice, if it means my child will die of hunger even sooner? Why should I share with them? They aren\u8217\'92t one of us, they aren\u8217\'92t one of my family. I won\u8217\'92t be sharing any of the food I find with them, so if the food of the global pool gets shared with them, I\u8217\'92ll stop cooperating.\u8221\'94. The room was filled with voices of agreement. #Hank, always a reasonable one, said: \u8220\'93I get it, we\u8217\'92re hungry, we are in a worse state than we have ever been before. But, we will soon have to start taking much more risk. We will soon be unable to avoid confrontations with other people to look for food. They know that world. We don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94. Daniel nodded: \u8220\'93In a one-to-one conflict, I fear we have very little chance against whoever is out there. They know the terrain, and are trained to kill people. We have been living on a nice farm, with arranged heating, plenty of clothing, medicine, etc, while they have been training to kill. I don\u8217\'92t think we stand a chance without preparing ourselves.\u8221\'94. The man in the back said: \u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re saying they, possible spies, possible enemies, are essential to our survival? First they can\u8217\'92t be without us, and now we can\u8217\'92t be without them? I would rather die than be helped by them. We had values here. Equality, fairness, etc. It all died when the farm burned down though. Something that happened because taking them in meant we became known among the people out there. Had we not taken them in, then we would not have been known there, and we would have been able to work on our place, without being attacked. We would have still had a farm, which, by this point, would have been enough to sustain over a hundred people. That food we could have traded with people, for weapons and other things. It could have been the start of a new society. But, they are the cause of it all being lost. They doomed us all.\u8221\'94. Daniel sighed. He didn\u8217\'92t know how to really react to this. #Hank replied in his stead: \u8220\'93So, what are you suggesting? Kicking them out? And then what? We spread out further, looking for food to scavenge? We fight, we kill, become monsters? Why not keep five more allies on our side?\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Because they aren\u8217\'92t allies! They are our enemies, can\u8217\'92t you see?\u8221\'94, the man replied. There was a fire in his eyes. There was no doubt that he believed he was doing the right thing in the situation, as Daniel was believing in his side of the situation. Daniel was also still facing the problem of trying to steer the conversation towards the other alternative. He had not found a nice bridge to it yet, and didn\u8217\'92t want to be the first one to suggest such a solution. Someone else stood up though; someone who hadn\u8217\'92t said anything yet, among the giants shouting at each other. She wasn\u8217\'92t the tallest person in the world, and her voice didn\u8217\'92t really carry like the voices of the others did. She said: \u8220\'93So, what you\u8217\'92 re suggesting is to give up the thing that makes us human? The thing we fundamentally fought for? The thing that brought us together? Distrusting everyone around us, fighting a war of all against all, and to what end? To, perhaps, survive for another couple of months, and finally die out of hunger, in misery, having lost everything that made us who we are? I\u8217\'92m sorry, but that doesn\u8217\'92t really sound like a nice future to me. I would rather then just quit now, while there\u8217\'92s still some humanity left.\u8221\'94 She was looked at with mild surprise. Most people had considered giving up by this point, but nobody had stated the option yet. It was as though a big taboo had just been broken. Daniel still didn\u8217\'92t want to tell people about what he had found out yet, because he didn\u8217\'92t want to come across as a total lunatic. So, he just waited, looking for what people would say to react. The man in the back was thinking about a response. He hadn\u8217\'92t really thought about this option yet. Since he had children, he didn\u8217\'92t consider giving up an option as much as the others did. To him, it felt as his duty to rebuild the world for his children. The thought that there might not be one for them hadn\u8217\'92t dawned on him yet. He caught up with his breathing, and said: \u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re saying that you don\u8217\'92t believe there will be a world for my children to live in? That we just fucked it all up for them, for all ethernity?\u8221\'94. She replied: \u8220\'93Look around. What do you see? What\u8217\'92s there for them to live in? I don\u8217\'92t see a world in which I would want my children to grow up. I only see misery, with very little hope for improvement. What hope we had died in the fire.\u8221\'94. The man in the back said: \u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re saying I should just give up on my children? That they will have no chance for a decent life? Fuck, what happened to us. A year ago, everything was still fine, life was moving forward. Now there\u8217\'92s just misery. Everywhere I look, there\u8217\'92s misery.\u8221\'94. Daniel nodded. He said: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think this is something we should take lightly. Also, I think it\u8217\'92s best to discuss it again before anyone jumps to any conclusions on this topic. It would be awful to think that someone would have already ended it, while we could still find a solution to this all. I would suggest to wait it out for a few days, while we further evaluate our options.\u8221\'94. The topic of the non-original group members was not further discussed, and the meeting was dismissed. After the meeting, Daniel and some others went to one of the fire places. They looked into the flames for a bit, all lost in thought.\line It was the woman from the meeting who was the first to speak up. She asked: \u8220\'93Did I say something wrong? I hope I didn\u8217\'92t steer people\u8217\'92s thoughts into thinking that\u8217\'92s an option, if it turns out that there\u8217\'92s still hope. I just wanted to state that that option was there.\u8221\'94. Daniel replied: \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s fine. It did get him to stop shouting about the new people though, so that\u8217\'92s a plus. I mostly hope people will not just start killing themselves before we\u8217\'92ve thought about a better alternative.\u8221\'94. She replied: \u8220\'93What is there though? What hope for a better alternative could we possibly be having?\u8221\'94.  Daniel thought for a moment, and said: \u8220\'93Well, currently, we can still survive for a week more, without feeling seriously miserable. Who knows what could happen in a week. It would be a pity if a miracle turned up, and people had already killed themselves.\u8221\'94. She said: \u8220\'93Yeah, but I don\u8217\'92t believe in miracles.\u8221\'94. Daniel replied: \u8220\'93The thing with miracles is though, they happen or not, regardless of if you believe in them. Sure, they are rare, but they might happen. I don\u8217\'92t know what you believe happens after death, but I believe there\u8217\'92s nothing there. And therefore, suffering some hunger, in exchange for a small chance of a miracle, to me, seems to be worth it.\u8221\'94. She said nothing in return.  Daniel said: \u8220\'93I get that seeing this chance is a lot to ask for, but I think it\u8217\'92s worth believing it\u8217\'92s possible. It means that not all hope is lost. And if there\u8217\'92s hope, there might be ways to work on turning that hope into reality.\u8221\'94. She said: \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a lot of empty words for someone who\u8217\'92s about to die of starvation.\u8221\'94. Daniel replied: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, it\u8217\'92s the best I\u8217\'92ve got for now. Sure, I could tell you that some magical being would turn up, and take you elsewhere, leaving this misery behind. But, would you believe it?\u8221\'94. She replied: \u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s the only thing that could possibly still help me, why on earth not. There\u8217\'92s no better alternative available anyway.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93So, just out of curiousity, if I told you that some alien being would come pick you up in a few days, if you killed yourself at the right time, at the right place, you would believe it? Just hypothetically, out of interest.\u8221\'94. She said: \u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t believe it, but I might just take you up on the offer. There\u8217\'92s no better options available thus far anyway. And besides, it might just turn out to be the miracle you were talking about. I don\u8217\'92t think that\u8217\'92s something you\u8217\'92re likely to say though.\u8221\'94. Daniel nodded, and looked into the fire. \u8216\'91It wasn\u8217\'92t something likely for him to say, indeed\u8217\'92, he mumbled to himself. \line About half an hour later, Daniel stood up. \u8220\'93Good night, I\u8217\'92m gonna catch some rest\u8221\'94, he said. She said good night back, and stood up herself as well. Daniel took a while to fall asleep. He was stuck in thought, worrying about the world around him. Finally, he fell asleep, and saw that the Avatar was already waiting for him. The Avatar said: \u8220\'93Well, that went okay, I guess?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93It went quite well indeed. How do you know though?\u8221\'94. He got an answer: \u8220\'93I just do. Just like you use your eyes to see, I can also observe the world.\u8221\'94. Daniel thought about this for a moment, but decided to say nothing. He simply didn\u8217\'92t understand, and didn\u8217\'92t see it as important for him to understand this one small detail. Instead he asked: \u8220\'93So, what\u8217\'92s next? How do I convince people that they should follow me?  I mean, why would they follow someone that suggests to commit suicide on a certain spot?\u8221\'94. The Avatar replied: \u8220\'93Well, they would\u8217\'92t necessarily even have to commit suicide, they just have to be in such a mental state that their information is willing to leave their matter behind. That\u8217\'92s all.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93How do they do that?\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Well, they have to believe that they can do so. That\u8217\'92s the first thing. I can help with that, by showing myself to them. If you get them to open up to me, I can show myself to them. You would have to convince them that I\u8217\'92m real, an then they can talk to me through your dream. I would start with that woman. She seemed to be open to the idea, or at least interested enough to try it out. She has to be open enough to the idea to try it out, she doesn\u8217\'92t have to fully believe it.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93So, I would have to explain to her that I\u8217\'92ve been talking to you through dreams, and that she could talk in that way as well, if she opened herself up to it before falling asleep? And then she would just join in on my dream, thus being able to talk to you?\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Exactly.\u8221\'94. Daniel: \u8220\'93Okay, I can try that. After that, we\u8217\'92ll have two people believing this, which may make convincing others more easy. One person is a nutter, two persons believing they saw the same thing in dreams is a lot more convincing.\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Precisely\u8221\'94. With that, Daniel woke up.\line \line The next day Daniel spent looking for food. It was quite an adventure. They started by crossing the one remaining bridge. The Shard after they had pretty much entiresly combed through, so they didn\u8217\'92t bother really checking for food there. After that Shard, they turned in the direction of the central part of the Capital. The goal was to see if one of the Warehousing shards was still reachable. They were guessing it was probably heavily armed if it was, because people would want to defend it. On the other hand, there might be another group of survivors there, that was willing to help out. The chance of them being the only group where morals survived wasn\u8217\'92t seen as very high. During the hike towards there, they were blocked off by a group of eight armed men. They had heavy rifles with them, and looked like they knew how to use them. Daniel and the others were in no mood to fight. So, they went on a tangent. During this tangent, they found a small pub. They went inside, and found one person sitting there. The person didn\u8217\'92t jump up when they approached, and made no effort to defend themselves. \u8220\'93Hello there, what do you want from me\u8221\'94, the person asked. \u8220\'93Well, to be frank, we were looking around for food. We\u8217\'92re with a group of around thirty people, and we are almost running out of food. So, we hoped this place wouldn\u8217\'92t have anyone in it, so we could take the food there. We don\u8217\'92t want to steal your food though.\u8221\'94.  \u8220\'93Ha, ethical people, that\u8217\'92s a long while ago, the man said. How come you\u8217\'92re still alive?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Well, we cooperated, and for a while that worked out really well. We got a farm working, and had plenty of food. Then we decided we would take more people in, because we had the food to support them, easily. However, a week ago, someone set fire to our farm, and since then we\u8217\'92ve not had enough food.\u8221\'94. The man smiled in a sad, but kind way; \u8220\'93Ah, indeed, the ethical people have made troubles for themselves. It really is a pity that the awful people get such an advantage in these kinds of situations. It doesn\u8217\'92t really bode well for whatever survives of mankind here.\u8221\'94. Daniel looked down. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve failed them. It was my idea to expand. A lot of objections were made, good ones, but I couldn\u8217\'92t stand the idea of innocent people dieing of hunger while we had enough. Now I\u8217\'92ve doomed the entire group.\u8221\'94. The woman looked at him with a strange sort of anger in her eyes. \u8220\'93Hey, we aren\u8217\'92t your minions. We decided your idea was worth following. You merely brought up the idea, which was still a good idea at the time. The people also turned out to be fine people, it\u8217\'92s just the fact that we extended our reach that got us into trouble. And that\u8217\'92s something we would have done sooner or later anyway.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right. I\u8217\'92m sorry if I sounded a bit like I was the boss of you all. That\u8217\'92s the last thing I want.\u8221\'94. She showed a faint smile. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s ok. I get the feeling. You did a lot, which is why there\u8217\'92s a lot of those things that turn out to be partly your idea. The way the farm was run was also your idea, as was the idea of splitting into farming and scavenging groups. You helped set up the housing, and so much more. You gave the ideas. We choose for the ideas, but it was your ideas that made it work.\u8221\'94. The man looked at the two. He said: \u8220\'93I feel sorry for you. You really tried to make a nice place out of something horrible. I wish I could have done something to help.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93 If you don\u8217\'92t mind me asking: how did you survive? I mean, you don\u8217\'92t look particularly fit, and you don\u8217\'92t seem to be particularly mean. So, what\u8217\'92s your trick?\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93Well, I have quite some piles of food here, but, for the most part,  the people here believe I have a bomb under my house that could blow up their entire world. They somehow believe in that story, and don\u8217\'92t want it to happen. I don\u8217\'92t know what\u8217\'92s more silly, the fact that they believe me, or the fact that they think it would be a bad thing if it exploded, killing them all. You have to give it to them, they are putting a much higher value to survival than I ever would do. I find it intriguing to see how much they are willing to offer up just for it. Their humanity, their body, nothing is too much, as long as they can survive. At the same time, I feel terrible, just for telling a lie. Isn\u8217\'92t it strange how different morality can be? They seem to be fine with killing, raping, selling themselves, selling others, and doing everything that anyone has ever considered wrong, while I feel bad for telling a sweet lie to stay alive?\u8221\'94. Daniel replied: \u8220\'93Well, you\u8217\'92re in a situation where that\u8217\'92s enough. I\u8217\'92m happy for you. I don\u8217\'92t know what would have been your limit though. The wish for survival can do strange things to people. It makes them do things they would otherwise have never even considered.\u8221\'94. The man replied: \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right. I don\u8217\'92t know. It\u8217\'92s sad to see how the world makes us do things we don\u8217\'92t want to do.  It makes us give up parts of who we are, just so we survive another day.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Or perhaps it shows the dark side of people that\u8217\'92s always there, just covered up and contained, because people are able to hide it while things go well.\u8221\'94. The man looked at Daniel, and said: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think you actually believe that. Otherwise you would have long killed me. Given the situation you\u8217\'92re in, it would have been much easier to just kill me, take all my stuff and move on.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Maybe, but maybe not. Who knows, you could turn out to be a worthwhile ally.\u8221\'94. The man smiled and said: \u8220\'93Who knows. I could also turn out to be a formidable enemy. I think a lot of people would prefer not to take the risk to find this out, if they were in your situation.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I think we agree on this point. To come to the main matter at hand: do you know a way for us to feed around forty mouths for the period until we\u8217\'92ve restored our farm? That would be around four months.\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93Hmm, probably not. Maybe ten or fifteen, but more than that, no. You could also gain some time by kicking people out.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93That would mean resorting to totalitarian strategies. I would have to take power.\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t you already in power though? You look, and speak like a leader.\u8221\'94. Daniel replied: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to be. I want egality.\u8221\'94. The man was stayed silent. Daniel looked at him, then looked at the ground, thinking about what he had just said. Finally, Daniel answered : \u8220\'93I think they might need me as a leader, but I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92m willing to take the spot. Not even if it would save their lives. Especially not if I would have to make choices about who lives and who dies. I don\u8217\'92t think I could do that.\u8221\'94. The man replied: \u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92d rather you all die than save a few by choosing?\u8221\'94. Daniel was silent. The man looked at him. Then he shrugged, and said: \u8220\'93Sorry I asked it so stringently, I just wanted to know. You know, it\u8217\'92s not often I meet people nowadays that put morals before survival. Actually, I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve ever met someone who did so before.\u8221\'94. Daniel still said nothing. Then he asked the man: \u8220\'93If I convince them, can I send the two families with children your way? I would not like it if something bad happened to them, and I think they are safer here than they are elsewhere.\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m unsure about that, but you can if you want to. There should be plenty of food for at least some time. You\u8217\'92d have to keep this place a secret though, to prevent your own people from taking what\u8217\'92s here.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Or I could tell them about the bomb, I don\u8217\'92t know if they would be willing to attack then.\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93If the alternative is starvation, I\u8217\'92m not sure at what point they decide to just attack to figure it out.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I sure hope not. Hope doesn\u8217\'92t do much though.\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s probably best if you just tell people you\u8217\'92ve found a place for them where they will be safe, but that it can only accommodate them. They will still understand it now, now that they are still reasonable. By the time they are starving, they will then no longer be able to find us, so they will be safe. By the way, doing the math, there will be one or two more spots available here. Do you want to take one of them, or give them to someone else?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93No. I don\u8217\'92t think that\u8217\'92s fair. I can get people to agree to this plan, if we do it just for the families. That seems to be a fair plan. It\u8217\'92s based on reasonable arguments; people will understand that. By the way, you might want to try to move at some point towards the farm. That way you would have food production. You just need to find a way to convince people you\u8217\'92ve moved the bomb. For that, you probably need to have a fake bomb, which you transport. That way it\u8217\'92s easiest to convince the other groups that you actually have such a bomb. I can\u8217\'92t really help you much with it, because I\u8217\'92ll be needed with my own people, to try to hold on for as long as possible. I\u8217\'92ll try to convince them at some point that we should leave the farm behind, and move towards the inner city. That will make the scavenging runs shorter, and that way the farm can start growing for you guys. I\u8217\'92m not a hundred percent sure that we can keep the farm from being eaten from at some point, but if I give you some of the potatoes and other things, you should at least be able to restart the farm at some point.\u8221\'94.  The man said: \u8220\'93That would be nice. Besides this, there is still a minute chance that you\u8217\'92re able to find enough food in the rest of the city to pass the period of time needed for the farm to restart.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93No, not really. The food amounts in the city are scarily low. Remember, already months ago, people started killing each other for food. By now they might have resorted to cannibalism.\u8221\'94. The man looked at him with a face of desparation. He said: \u8220\'93And you want to move there?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see many alternatives. This way, at least some people have a chance of survival. And it seems you are a just person, so I think I can trust them in your hands.\u8221\'94.The man said: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure why you say that, but thanks for the compliment.\u8221\'94. Daniel remarked: \u8220\'93I think we should probably be moving on. We still want to cover some terrain, and we need to be home before it gets dark. We\u8217\'92d be a very easy target in the dark, and I don\u8217\'92t want to even know what they would do to us if we got caught.\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s probably for the best. I\u8217\'92ll see you again some time. I wish you the best of luck; I really hope fate takes a turn in the right direction for you.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93That would be nice indeed. Take care, I\u8217\'92ll see you again some time.\u8221\'94.\line They left the strange man\u8217\'92s place. Daniel suddenly realised he hadn\u8217\'92t even asked the man for his name. He had just conversed with him for some time, yet it had never occured to him that he didn\u8217\'92t know his name. Oh well. They found some more buildings that hadn\u8217\'92t collapsed, but  there wasn\u8217\'92t much left there to scavenge. There was some food, but that seemed to be quite spoiled. It was quite obvious these places were already raided before by some others. They decided to head back home, and by a small miracle they got there without any conflict or other adversaries.}}