{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line He realised he had his eyes closed. When he opened them, he found that he was sitting on a bench in a park. Strange, he thought, I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t remember this place at all. A man walked up to him. The man said: \u8220\'93Hello. You seem new here. Who are you?\u8221\'94. Daniel introduced himself, and asked the man who he was. The man said: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m one of the guides here. Who I am is not importance. I can show you around the place, and explain a bit of this world.\u8221\'94. Daniel nodded. The man continued: \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve just entered the realm of Information. Since you\u8217\'92ve left your physical manifestation, you are now only Information. You\u8217\'92re roaming in the lands of what is, was, would-be and even, sometimes, what would have never been. There are rules here, but you\u8217\'92ll figure them out as you go. It\u8217\'92s probably best if I showed you around for a while.\u8221\'94. Daniel nodded again, in awe of the place where he was. He stood up, and asked: \u8220\'93Where shall we go?\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, what do you want to see?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93Do you want to see where the world is going since you left?\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93Well, not particularly, I don\u8217\'92t want to think about that place for a while now. I prefer to just be with the people from my own world, and just relax.\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a rule here that people can\u8217\'92t see their own people until they have been here for a while. It\u8217\'92s to prevent clustering. We don\u8217\'92t like it if everyone only stays with their own group, preferring it if people join more with the rest of the group.\u8221\'94. Daniel frowned. He decided he would play nice though. He said: \u8220\'93Okay, can we go somewhere nice and quiet, with an awesome view?\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93I think I know just the place.\u8221\'94. He reached for Daniel\u8217\'92s hand, and started walking. Step by step they increased their walking pace. Soon they were walking at a pace Daniel hadn\u8217\'92t known was possible. Then again, he thought, this place probably wasn\u8217\'92t bound by the same rules as the world he was used to. They reached a strange standing oval. It was purple and oozing. It looked like the sort of thing that you wouldn\u8217\'92t want to touch. The man looked at him, and signed that they were to go through it. Daniel asked : \u8220\'93Through there? Where does it go?\u8221\'94. The man smiled, but said nothing. Daniel decided \u8216\'91fuck it\u8217\'92, and walked up to the oval. Something about it made it feel as though it\u8217\'92s other side wasn\u8217\'92t behind it. He stepped through. To his surprise, the oval had no depth. As much as he moved in, that much he moved out. Suddenly he was standing somewhere he had never been before. It looked alien to him. He was standing on the ground. There was ground below him, all around him. There was land around him for as far as he could see. Below a certain height in the land, there were trees. Above that line, there were bushes. In the distance, there were peaks, covered in white. He sat down, and observed his surrounding. There were birds overflying the area, and in the distance, he saw multiple animals walk around. There was a notable lack of traces of humans in the area. The man had sat himself down to him, and said: \u8220\'93This is what the earth looked like before the Event, before Humanity even.\u8221\'94. Daniel said nothing, and looked around more. He loved every part of it. After what can\u8217\'92t have been less than half an hour, he decided to stand up. He asked: \u8220\'93Can I come back here?\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93Whenever you want. This place is part of our permanent collection.\u8221\'94. Daniel wasn\u8217\'92t fully aware of what the man meant, but didn\u8217\'92t dare to ask for further explanation. They walked through the portal, and suddenly they were in a large building. It was full of people, sitting in circles around a central place. The further away they were sitting, the higher-up they were. People moved onto the central stage, holding what Daniel assumed were musical instruments. They played music, but it wasn\u8217\'92t music that Daniel had ever heard before. It sounded wild, emotional, and full, nothing like the sound of the music that he had heard before. It had a certain realness to it that the other music simply didn\u8217\'92t have. He closed his eyes, and started to feel relaxed, for the first time in his life. There was no stress, no pain, no tension, no nothing. There was just music. Here, to his own surprise, he felt like he actually was at home. \line The musicians bowed to the crowd, and then left. The crowd started to leave as well, but Daniel kept seated. He didn\u8217\'92t feel like standing up yet. Then the man said to him: \u8220\'93we should go.\u8221\'94. Daniel looked at him, surprised at the sudden hurry. The man said: \u8220\'93We should really be going. We can\u8217\'92t stay here forever.\u8221\'94. Daniel asked: \u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll be explained that later, but for now, we should leave.\u8221\'94. Daniel wasn\u8217\'92t too happy about this, but he left regardless. They went through the portal again. They were at the entrance of a big house. The man said: \u8220\'93You can stay here for now, until you found a place you like more.\u8221\'94. Daniel entered the building. There were lots of rooms, but he quickly found a bedroom. It had a nice and soft bed, with a proper pillow. He fell asleep almost immediately. He didn\u8217\'92t dream at all, and woke up relaxed. After leaving his bed, and having a shower, he looked for a place to have breakfast. When he found the kitchen, he found that the man was already sitting at the table. He said: \u8220\'93I hope I didn\u8217\'92t interrupt you, but I thought you might want company during breakfast.\u8221\'94. Daniel said: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t mind.\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93By the way, technically you don\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 need }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to eat breakfast, but we found that it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nice for new people here to first live in a way that\u8217\'92s similar to their original life. Otherwise the transition can be quite brutal.\u8221\'94. Daniel asked: \u8220\'93How does that work then? I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 can }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 eat food, but don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t strictly have to? Is that because I\u8217\'92m just information?\u8221\'94. The man nodded, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re basically the Idea of you. You\u8217\'92re whatever it is that makes you you, without the bothers of the physical you. You can\u8217\'92t do things such as flying, because the Idea of you didn\u8217\'92t allow for flying. Also, we can reset your shape here to a certain state of it if something goes wrong. That means that if you break something, we can just basically act as though it never happened, reverting the mistake you made. However, you cannot walk through the air.\u8221\'94. Daniel nodded. He noticed he had finished eating his breakfast. He stood up, and cleaned his plate and mug. Then, he asked what the plan was for that day. The man said: \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll show you around more, and explain how this place works a bit more. Then we\u8217\'92ll go over some formalities to get you settled in somewhere.\u8221\'94. Daniel nodded. They walked out of the door, and there was the portal through which they had come. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line They were in a big room. It looked like it was quite old; people were smoking there. From the rubble of the world before the Event, Daniel could tell that this place was already old when the Event happened. They found a nice table to sit at, and sat down. The man said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Basically, the place where you are is a sort of collection of things from the past. Well, things is the wrong word, of the information of the past. It\u8217\'92s stored here, so it doesn\u8217\'92t get lost forever. The things that are here are here because we found them to be typical of the time, important to collect.\u8221\'94. Daniel asked: \u8220\'93So, basically, this is a museum? Everything here is part of a collection of information you don\u8217\'92t want to get lost?\u8221\'94. The man nodded: \u8220\'93Everything here is sort of part of an exhibition. We have scenes of places of the past. Sometimes though, we also want to save people. By doing so, we can provide insight into the history of the world, and behavior of people.\u8221\'94. Daniel asked: \u8220\'93Who are you then. How come this place can even exist, outside of the Universe?\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93So many questions, some will be answered with time. For now however, they cannot be answered yet.\u8221\'94. Daniel was starting to get annoyed at the lack of answers. He felt like he wasn\u8217\'92t taken fully seriously. He said: \u8220\'93I feel like I\u8217\'92m treated like a child, like someone who can\u8217\'92t handle the truth. I don\u8217\'92t like being treated like that.\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93We noticed so much. Basically, this is a simulated reality, used to store Information from other worlds that was left there in a way that wasn\u8217\'92t of use to that world anymore.\u8221\'94. Daniel didn\u8217\'92t really understand what this meant, but he had a strange feeling about it. He asked: \u8220\'93Am I real?\u8221\'94. The man replied: \u8220\'93What is real, anyway?\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93Anyway, I should probably explain to you how you can move between places here. Basically, most places have a sort of scene attached to it. Think of it like a sort of a movie, like what we saw in the theater. You can go to a certain place and see that scene unfold. You can even interract with it somewhat, but you if you move off off the scene too much, the scene will vanish, and only the scenery will remain. This is because the simulation can\u8217\'92t know what would have happened. Also, only a certain time period is stored within the simulation. For instance, with the music, there wasn\u8217\'92t much stored about the period after the concert, so after a certain moment, there is simply no progress in time. If you then stay within simulated time, strange things can sometimes happen. I didn\u8217\'92t want you to see those things. I know this is a lot to take in at once; you weren\u8217\'92t supposed to get to know this all at once. However, since you insisted, I decided to tell you the whole story.\u8221\'94. Daniel asked: \u8220\'93What if I want to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 live? }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 be }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 here, but it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really feel like living to me.\u8221\'94. The man said: \u8220\'93There are options, but those aren\u8217\'92t perfect. For now, I\u8217\'92d suggest to get yourself at home here. We can visit an inn with some actual other people if you like. Those are all from different realities, so their stories should be interesting to you.\u8221\'94. Daniel nodded, \u8220\'93sounds good\u8221\'94.\line \line Although this world provided him with safety, with entertainment, and some other things, Daniel could never get used to the fact that there were no consequenses to anything here. He confronted his mentor about this. His mentor said: \u8220\'93there is an alternative, but it\u8217\'92s a world full of peril, misery, and death. If you die there, we can\u8217\'92t get you back. It\u8217\'92s part of the rules of that place. But I think that risk is part of what you are looking for, right?\u8221\'94. Daniel thought for a second, and said: \u8220\'93Actually, yes. I feel like the risk is part of living for me.\u8221\'94.}}